You meet two inhabitants: Zoey and Mel.  Zoey tells you that Mel is a knave.  Mel says, 'Neither Zoey nor I are knaves.'
You meet two inhabitants: Peggy and Zippy.  Peggy tells you that 'of Zippy and I, exactly one is a knight'.  Zippy tells you that only a knave would say that Peggy is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Sue and Zippy.  Sue says that Zippy is a knave.  Zippy says, 'I and Sue are knights.'
You meet two inhabitants: Sally and Zippy.  Sally claims, 'I and Zippy are not the same.'  Zippy says, 'Of I and Sally, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Homer and Bozo.  Homer tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Bozo is a knight.'  Bozo claims, 'Homer could say that I am a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Marge and Zoey.  Marge says, 'Zoey and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Zoey claims, 'Marge and I are the same.'
You meet two inhabitants: Mel and Ted.  Mel tells you, 'Either Ted is a knight or I am a knight.'  Ted tells you that Mel is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Alice.  Zed tells you, 'I am a knight or Alice is a knave.'  Alice tells you, 'Of Zed and I, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Ted and Zeke.  Ted claims, 'Zeke could say that I am a knave.'  Zeke claims that it's not the case that Ted is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Ted and Zippy.  Ted says, 'Of I and Zippy, exactly one is a knight.'  Zippy says that Ted is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Bart.  Zed says, 'Bart is a knight or I am a knight.'  Bart tells you, 'Zed could claim that I am a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bob and Betty.  Bob claims that Betty is a knave.  Betty tells you, 'I am a knight or Bob is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bart and Ted.  Bart claims, 'I and Ted are both knights or both knaves.'  Ted tells you, 'Bart would tell you that I am a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bart and Mel.  Bart claims, 'Both I am a knight and Mel is a knave.'  Mel tells you, 'I would tell you that Bart is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Betty and Peggy.  Betty tells you that Peggy is a knave.  Peggy tells you, 'Betty and I are both knights.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bob and Mel.  Bob tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Mel is a knave.'  Mel claims, 'Only a knave would say that Bob is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Alice.  Zed tells you, 'Alice could say that I am a knight.'  Alice claims, 'It's not the case that Zed is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Alice and Ted.  Alice tells you, 'Either Ted is a knave or I am a knight.'  Ted tells you, 'Of I and Alice, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Zeke and Dave.  Zeke tells you, 'Of I and Dave, exactly one is a knight.'  Dave claims, 'Zeke could claim that I am a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Zoey.  Zed says that it's false that Zoey is a knave.  Zoey claims, 'I and Zed are different.'
You meet two inhabitants: Sue and Marge.  Sue says that Marge is a knave.  Marge claims, 'Sue and I are not the same.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bob and Ted.  Bob says, 'I am a knight or Ted is a knave.'  Ted says that only a knave would say that Bob is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Peggy.  Zed says that Peggy is a knave.  Peggy tells you, 'Either Zed is a knight or I am a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Bob.  Zed says, 'Both I am a knight and Bob is a knave.'  Bob says, 'Zed could say that I am a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Rex and Marge.  Rex tells you, 'I and Marge are knights.'  Marge says, 'I would tell you that Rex is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bozo and Marge.  Bozo tells you, 'Marge and I are different.'  Marge says that only a knave would say that Bozo is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Peggy and Carl.  Peggy tells you that only a knave would say that Carl is a knave.  Carl tells you, 'Peggy and I are different.'
You meet two inhabitants: Mel and Homer.  Mel tells you, 'I would tell you that Homer is a knave.'  Homer tells you, 'Either I am a knight or Mel is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Carl and Betty.  Carl says, 'Neither Betty nor I are knaves.'  Betty claims, 'Carl and I are the same.'
You meet two inhabitants: Marge and Ted.  Marge tells you, 'Ted and I are different.'  Ted claims, 'Only a knave would say that Marge is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Abe and Bozo.  Abe says, 'I and Bozo are not the same.'  Bozo tells you, 'I am a knight or Abe is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Rex and Abe.  Rex tells you, 'I would tell you that Abe is a knight.'  Abe tells you that it's false that Rex is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Sue and Joe.  Sue says, 'I and Joe are different.'  Joe claims, 'It's false that Sue is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Marge and Homer.  Marge claims, 'I would tell you that Homer is a knight.'  Homer tells you that Marge is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Sally and Ted.  Sally says, 'I and Ted are different.'  Ted says, 'I and Sally are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bart and Sally.  Bart tells you, 'Sally and I are not the same.'  Sally tells you, 'I could claim that Bart is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bob and Sally.  Bob tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Sally is a knave.'  Sally says, 'I would tell you that Bob is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Alice and Zippy.  Alice says, 'Zippy and I are not the same.'  Zippy claims, 'I am a knight or Alice is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Peggy and Alice.  Peggy says, 'I and Alice are both knights or both knaves.'  Alice says, 'Peggy and I are the same.'
You meet two inhabitants: Alice and Zed.  Alice tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Zed is a knave or that I am a knight.'  Zed says, 'It's not the case that Alice is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Rex and Marge.  Rex claims, 'Both Marge is a knave and I am a knight.'  Marge says that only a knave would say that Rex is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Homer and Bill.  Homer tells you that it's not the case that Bill is a knave.  Bill tells you, 'Homer and I are not the same.'
You meet two inhabitants: Marge and Betty.  Marge tells you, 'Betty is a knave and I am a knight.'  Betty says, 'I could claim that Marge is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Zippy and Zeke.  Zippy claims, 'Zeke is a knave or I am a knight.'  Zeke claims, 'Zippy could claim that I am a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Carl and Bill.  Carl says, 'I and Bill are both knights or both knaves.'  Bill claims, 'Only a knave would say that Carl is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Homer and Abe.  Homer claims that it's false that Abe is a knave.  Abe tells you, 'I could claim that Homer is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Peggy and Joe.  Peggy tells you, 'Joe is a knave.'  Joe claims that of Peggy and I, exactly one is a knight.
You meet two inhabitants: Betty and Sally.  Betty says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Sally is a knight or that I am a knight.'  Sally claims, 'I and Betty are not the same.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bob and Bill.  Bob says, 'Bill is a knave.'  Bill says, 'Bob and I are different.'
You meet two inhabitants: Abe and Homer.  Abe tells you that Homer is a knave.  Homer says, 'Abe could say that I am a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Alice, Rex and Bob.  Alice tells you that Rex is a knave.  Rex tells you that it's false that Bob is a knave.  Bob claims, 'I am a knight or Alice is a knight.'
You meet three inhabitants: Sue, Bob and Mel.  Sue tells you that only a knave would say that Bob is a knave.  Bob claims that it's false that Mel is a knave.  Mel tells you, 'Bob would tell you that I am a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Peggy, Joe and Zippy.  Peggy claims, 'I am a knight or Joe is a knave.'  Joe tells you, 'I know that Peggy is a knight and that Zippy is a knave.'  Zippy says, 'I and Joe are different.'
You meet three inhabitants: Marge, Zed and Bob.  Marge says, 'Bob could claim that I am a knight.'  Zed says, 'Either Marge is a knave or I am a knight.'  Bob claims, 'Marge and Zed are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet three inhabitants: Zed, Ted and Zippy.  Zed claims that it's false that Zippy is a knave.  Ted says, 'Either Zippy is a knight or I am a knight.'  Zippy says that Ted is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Sue, Bozo and Mel.  Sue tells you, 'I could say that Mel is a knave.'  Bozo claims, 'Only a knave would say that Mel is a knave.'  Mel says, 'Sue and I are not the same.'
You meet three inhabitants: Rex, Betty and Zed.  Rex claims that it's false that Zed is a knave.  Betty tells you that either Rex is a knight or Zed is a knave.  Zed tells you, 'I could say that Rex is a knight.'
You meet three inhabitants: Marge, Mel and Bob.  Marge claims that it's false that Bob is a knave.  Mel claims, 'I could claim that Marge is a knight.'  Bob claims, 'I would tell you that Mel is a knight.'
You meet three inhabitants: Zoey, Peggy and Mel.  Zoey says that it's not the case that Mel is a knave.  Peggy tells you that Mel and Zoey are both knights.  Mel says that Zoey is a knight or Peggy is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Zippy, Ted and Bob.  Zippy claims, 'Bob and I are both knights.'  Ted tells you, 'Of Bob and I, exactly one is a knight.'  Bob says, 'Ted could claim that I am a knight.'
You meet three inhabitants: Betty, Zed and Zoey.  Betty claims that Zoey could claim that Zed is a knight.  Zed claims that only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.  Zoey tells you that Betty is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Rex, Joe and Sally.  Rex says that Sally is a knave.  Joe tells you that it's not the case that Rex is a knave.  Sally claims, 'Neither I nor Rex are knaves.'
You meet three inhabitants: Carl, Homer and Dave.  Carl tells you, 'Dave is a knave.'  Homer says, 'It's false that Carl is a knave.'  Dave claims, 'Carl could say that I am a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Mel, Sally and Bozo.  Mel claims, 'Bozo and Sally are knights.'  Sally claims that either Bozo is a knight or Mel is a knave.  Bozo claims that it's not the case that Sally is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Carl, Bozo and Homer.  Carl tells you, 'I and Bozo are both knights or both knaves.'  Bozo says, 'I and Homer are knights.'  Homer claims, 'I could claim that Carl is a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Zoey, Homer and Carl.  Zoey says, 'Carl could claim that I am a knight.'  Homer says that only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.  Carl claims, 'Zoey could say that I am a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Bozo, Carl and Joe.  Bozo says that Carl is a knave.  Carl tells you, 'Of Joe and I, exactly one is a knight.'  Joe claims, 'Bozo and I are different.'
You meet three inhabitants: Bob, Mel and Peggy.  Bob says, 'Peggy could say that I am a knight.'  Mel says that it's not the case that Bob is a knave.  Peggy says that either Bob is a knight or Mel is a knight.
You meet three inhabitants: Mel, Sally and Bozo.  Mel tells you, 'Sally and I are not the same.'  Sally tells you that Mel and Bozo are knaves.  Bozo claims, 'Neither Sally nor Mel are knaves.'
You meet three inhabitants: Abe, Ted and Zippy.  Abe claims that Zippy and Ted are the same.  Ted claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Zippy is a knight.'  Zippy claims that Abe is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Zippy, Betty and Sally.  Zippy tells you that Sally and Betty are different.  Betty says that it's false that Sally is a knave.  Sally tells you that Zippy is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Bart, Dave and Rex.  Bart says, 'Dave is a knave or Rex is a knight.'  Dave tells you, 'I could say that Rex is a knave.'  Rex claims, 'Only a knave would say that Bart is a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Zed, Dave and Ted.  Zed tells you, 'Both I am a knight and Ted is a knave.'  Dave says that Zed is a knave.  Ted tells you that Dave is a knave or Zed is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Betty, Sally and Carl.  Betty claims that Sally would tell you that Carl is a knight.  Sally says that it's not the case that Carl is a knave.  Carl claims, 'It's false that Betty is a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Rex, Bart and Marge.  Rex claims, 'Bart is a knave.'  Bart says, 'Marge and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Marge claims that Bart is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Zoey, Homer and Zippy.  Zoey claims that Zippy and Homer are knaves.  Homer claims that Zippy is a knave.  Zippy tells you, 'Zoey is a knave or Homer is a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Bill, Bart and Mel.  Bill claims that it's false that Bart is a knave.  Bart says that of Mel and I, exactly one is a knight.  Mel claims, 'I and Bart are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet three inhabitants: Homer, Dave and Bill.  Homer tells you that neither Dave nor Bill are knights.  Dave tells you that Homer and Bill are both knights.  Bill says that Homer is a knight or Dave is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Peggy, Joe and Zeke.  Peggy says that Joe and Zeke are the same.  Joe says, 'Peggy is a knave.'  Zeke claims, 'I and Joe are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet three inhabitants: Zed, Zoey and Peggy.  Zed claims, 'I am a knight or Peggy is a knave.'  Zoey says, 'Of I and Peggy, exactly one is a knight.'  Peggy tells you that Zoey is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Mel, Peggy and Joe.  Mel claims, 'Joe is a knave.'  Peggy says that it's false that Mel is a knave.  Joe says, 'Peggy and I are both knights.'
You meet three inhabitants: Bill, Dave and Zippy.  Bill tells you, 'I am a knight or Dave is a knight.'  Dave says that only a knave would say that Zippy is a knave.  Zippy claims that Dave and Bill are different.
You meet three inhabitants: Betty, Alice and Carl.  Betty claims that it's false that Alice is a knave.  Alice claims, 'I and Carl are different.'  Carl claims that only a knave would say that Betty is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Zed, Bill and Dave.  Zed tells you that Dave and Bill are both knights.  Bill claims, 'Dave and I are the same.'  Dave tells you, 'Zed and I are knights.'
You meet three inhabitants: Zoey, Carl and Ted.  Zoey says that it's not the case that Ted is a knave.  Carl claims that Ted and Zoey are knights.  Ted claims, 'Carl could claim that I am a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Bob, Sue and Bill.  Bob tells you that Bill is a knave.  Sue tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Bill is a knave.'  Bill claims that Bob and Sue are the same.
You meet three inhabitants: Joe, Zippy and Alice.  Joe tells you that Alice is a knave and Zippy is a knight.  Zippy says, 'I am a knight or Joe is a knave.'  Alice claims that Zippy is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Zippy, Zeke and Bill.  Zippy claims that it's not the case that Zeke is a knave.  Zeke says that Bill is a knave.  Bill claims, 'Either I am a knight or Zeke is a knight.'
You meet three inhabitants: Bozo, Mel and Joe.  Bozo claims, 'Mel is a knave and Joe is a knight.'  Mel says, 'Bozo could say that I am a knave.'  Joe tells you, 'Mel and I are not the same.'
You meet three inhabitants: Sue, Betty and Ted.  Sue claims, 'Ted and I are knights.'  Betty claims that Sue is a knave.  Ted claims that Betty could say that Sue is a knight.
You meet three inhabitants: Carl, Peggy and Zippy.  Carl says, 'I and Zippy are both knights or both knaves.'  Peggy says that Carl and Zippy are different.  Zippy tells you, 'Carl and I are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet three inhabitants: Dave, Rex and Sue.  Dave tells you that Rex could claim that Sue is a knight.  Rex says that only a knave would say that Dave is a knave.  Sue says, 'Rex and Dave are knaves.'
You meet three inhabitants: Alice, Homer and Ted.  Alice claims, 'Homer could say that I am a knave.'  Homer tells you, 'Ted is a knave.'  Ted tells you that Alice and Homer are the same.
You meet three inhabitants: Carl, Sue and Rex.  Carl claims, 'Sue could claim that I am a knight.'  Sue tells you that it's false that Rex is a knave.  Rex says, 'Of I and Carl, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet three inhabitants: Bob, Joe and Peggy.  Bob says that Joe is a knave and Peggy is a knight.  Joe says, 'Bob is a knave.'  Peggy claims that neither Joe nor Bob are knaves.
You meet three inhabitants: Bozo, Carl and Joe.  Bozo claims that Carl is a knave.  Carl tells you, 'Joe could say that Bozo is a knave.'  Joe tells you that only a knave would say that Bozo is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Peggy, Zoey and Zed.  Peggy says that Zed is a knave.  Zoey claims that Zed is a knave.  Zed tells you, 'Zoey could say that I am a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Marge, Alice and Betty.  Marge claims that Alice is a knave.  Alice says, 'Marge and Betty are both knights or both knaves.'  Betty tells you that Marge is a knave.
You meet three inhabitants: Bob, Mel and Peggy.  Bob says that it's not the case that Peggy is a knave.  Mel says that Peggy is a knight or Bob is a knave.  Peggy claims, 'Both I am a knight and Bob is a knave.'
You meet three inhabitants: Abe, Zoey and Zippy.  Abe says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Zippy is a knave or that I am a knight.'  Zoey says, 'Abe could claim that I am a knave.'  Zippy claims, 'Neither Abe nor Zoey are knights.'
You meet four inhabitants: Dave, Rex, Bart and Zoey.  Dave tells you that Bart could say that Rex is a knave.  Rex claims, 'I would tell you that Bart is a knave.'  Bart claims, 'Only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.'  Zoey claims, 'I and Dave are different.'
You meet four inhabitants: Bart, Dave, Rex and Zoey.  Bart tells you that Rex and Dave are both knights or both knaves.  Dave tells you that Zoey is a knave.  Rex claims, 'Bart is a knave.'  Zoey claims, 'Rex is a knight and Dave is a knave.'
You meet four inhabitants: Zippy, Marge, Zed and Rex.  Zippy tells you that Zed is a knight or Rex is a knight.  Marge tells you that Zed and Zippy are both knights.  Zed says, 'I and Rex are knights.'  Rex tells you that Zed is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Ted, Sally, Carl and Peggy.  Ted claims, 'I am a knight or Peggy is a knave.'  Sally claims that Ted is a knave.  Carl says, 'Sally is a knave.'  Peggy tells you, 'I and Ted are different.'
You meet four inhabitants: Zed, Sally, Zeke and Dave.  Zed claims that of Sally and Zeke, exactly one is a knight.  Sally claims that Dave and Zeke are both knights or both knaves.  Zeke tells you, 'Zed and I are both knights.'  Dave says that Zed and Sally are not the same.
You meet four inhabitants: Ted, Carl, Alice and Rex.  Ted says that only a knave would say that Rex is a knave.  Carl claims, 'Ted would tell you that Rex is a knight.'  Alice claims that Ted and Rex are both knights or both knaves.  Rex says that at least one of the following is true: that Carl is a knave or that Alice is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Rex, Peggy, Carl and Zeke.  Rex claims, 'I and Zeke are both knights or both knaves.'  Peggy claims, 'Rex is a knave or Carl is a knave.'  Carl tells you that Rex is a knave and Peggy is a knight.  Zeke says that Rex is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Homer, Mel, Ted and Alice.  Homer tells you, 'Mel and Ted are not the same.'  Mel claims that it's false that Alice is a knave.  Ted says, 'Alice is a knight and Mel is a knave.'  Alice tells you that only a knave would say that Ted is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Sue, Alice, Homer and Ted.  Sue says, 'I and Alice are not the same.'  Alice claims that both Ted is a knight and Sue is a knave.  Homer claims, 'I am a knight or Alice is a knave.'  Ted tells you, 'Sue and Homer are not the same.'
You meet four inhabitants: Mel, Joe, Zed and Bart.  Mel tells you that it's not the case that Bart is a knave.  Joe says, 'Bart and Mel are the same.'  Zed claims that both Mel is a knave and Joe is a knight.  Bart says that Joe is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Homer, Joe, Zed and Betty.  Homer tells you that Zed and Betty are not the same.  Joe says that Zed could claim that Betty is a knave.  Zed tells you that either Joe is a knight or Homer is a knave.  Betty says, 'I and Homer are different.'
You meet four inhabitants: Zeke, Zippy, Zoey and Abe.  Zeke tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.'  Zippy claims, 'Either I am a knight or Abe is a knight.'  Zoey tells you that Abe is a knave.  Abe claims, 'I and Zeke are not the same.'
You meet four inhabitants: Dave, Sally, Alice and Bob.  Dave says that only a knave would say that Sally is a knave.  Sally claims, 'Alice could claim that Bob is a knave.'  Alice tells you that it's false that Dave is a knave.  Bob claims that only a knave would say that Dave is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Bart, Bozo, Betty and Sue.  Bart says, 'It's false that Betty is a knave.'  Bozo tells you that Sue and Bart are knights.  Betty claims, 'Sue could claim that I am a knave.'  Sue says that it's false that Bart is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Bob, Ted, Mel and Zeke.  Bob claims that Ted and Mel are both knights or both knaves.  Ted tells you that either Mel is a knight or Zeke is a knave.  Mel says that either Zeke is a knight or Ted is a knight.  Zeke claims that neither Bob nor Ted are knights.
You meet four inhabitants: Betty, Marge, Homer and Carl.  Betty tells you, 'It's not the case that Marge is a knave.'  Marge says that it's not the case that Homer is a knave.  Homer claims that Carl would tell you that Marge is a knave.  Carl says, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Betty is a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Bill, Bob, Betty and Marge.  Bill tells you that Betty could say that Bob is a knave.  Bob tells you that Betty and Marge are different.  Betty tells you that Bill is a knave.  Marge says, 'Neither Bill nor Betty are knaves.'
You meet four inhabitants: Mel, Bill, Sue and Zippy.  Mel tells you, 'Bill could say that Sue is a knave.'  Bill claims that either Mel is a knight or Sue is a knight.  Sue tells you, 'Zippy is a knave.'  Zippy claims, 'Sue could say that I am a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Bart, Abe, Bob and Mel.  Bart says, 'I and Bob are both knights or both knaves.'  Abe tells you that both Mel is a knave and Bob is a knight.  Bob claims that Bart is a knave.  Mel tells you, 'Of Bart and Bob, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Bozo, Marge, Bart and Zed.  Bozo says, 'Bart and Zed are both knights.'  Marge tells you that both Bart is a knight and Zed is a knave.  Bart tells you, 'Neither Marge nor Zed are knaves.'  Zed says that neither Bozo nor Marge are knaves.
You meet four inhabitants: Betty, Rex, Alice and Homer.  Betty claims that Rex and Alice are not the same.  Rex says, 'Homer could claim that Betty is a knave.'  Alice claims, 'Either I am a knight or Rex is a knight.'  Homer tells you, 'I and Alice are not the same.'
You meet four inhabitants: Zeke, Sue, Rex and Mel.  Zeke claims, 'Rex and I are the same.'  Sue claims, 'Rex is a knight and Mel is a knave.'  Rex tells you that only a knave would say that Zeke is a knave.  Mel tells you that it's not the case that Zeke is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Zippy, Alice, Bill and Bob.  Zippy claims that at least one of the following is true: that Bill is a knight or that Alice is a knave.  Alice tells you, 'Bob is a knave.'  Bill says, 'Alice is a knave.'  Bob says, 'Either Bill is a knave or I am a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Zed, Bart, Ted and Sally.  Zed claims that Ted and Sally are different.  Bart says, 'Zed is a knave or Ted is a knight.'  Ted tells you, 'I would tell you that Sally is a knight.'  Sally says, 'Ted could say that I am a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Zippy, Peggy, Alice and Ted.  Zippy tells you that it's false that Alice is a knave.  Peggy tells you, 'Zippy and Alice are both knights or both knaves.'  Alice claims that Ted is a knave.  Ted claims that Zippy is a knight and Alice is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Bozo, Carl, Zeke and Sue.  Bozo says that Sue could claim that Zeke is a knave.  Carl says that only a knave would say that Bozo is a knave.  Zeke claims, 'It's not the case that Sue is a knave.'  Sue says that Carl is a knave or Bozo is a knight.
You meet four inhabitants: Mel, Carl, Sue and Ted.  Mel claims, 'Only a knave would say that Carl is a knave.'  Carl says that Sue and Ted are different.  Sue says, 'It's false that Ted is a knave.'  Ted tells you that only a knave would say that Mel is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Zed, Betty, Ted and Homer.  Zed tells you, 'Ted is a knight or Homer is a knight.'  Betty says, 'It's not the case that Ted is a knave.'  Ted claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Zed is a knave.'  Homer claims that it's false that Ted is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Bob, Mel, Marge and Zoey.  Bob claims that Zoey and Marge are knaves.  Mel claims that both Zoey is a knave and Bob is a knight.  Marge tells you that both Bob is a knave and Mel is a knight.  Zoey claims that either Mel is a knight or Marge is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Betty, Abe, Marge and Ted.  Betty says, 'I am a knight or Marge is a knight.'  Abe claims that only a knave would say that Ted is a knave.  Marge says, 'Ted could claim that Betty is a knave.'  Ted tells you, 'I could claim that Abe is a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Peggy, Bill, Zed and Mel.  Peggy says that both Mel is a knave and Zed is a knight.  Bill claims that it's false that Peggy is a knave.  Zed tells you that Peggy and Bill are both knights or both knaves.  Mel says, 'Either Zed is a knight or Bill is a knave.'
You meet four inhabitants: Alice, Rex, Bob and Homer.  Alice tells you, 'Homer could say that Bob is a knight.'  Rex tells you that Bob is a knave.  Bob says, 'I am a knight or Homer is a knight.'  Homer tells you, 'Bob and I are different.'
You meet four inhabitants: Betty, Bart, Peggy and Joe.  Betty claims that only a knave would say that Peggy is a knave.  Bart says, 'Neither Peggy nor Betty are knaves.'  Peggy tells you, 'Joe could say that I am a knave.'  Joe claims, 'Peggy and Betty are both knights.'
You meet four inhabitants: Sue, Alice, Homer and Ted.  Sue tells you that Alice is a knave.  Alice tells you that Ted is a knave.  Homer claims, 'Alice is a knight and Ted is a knave.'  Ted tells you, 'I and Homer are different.'
You meet four inhabitants: Sue, Zeke, Dave and Peggy.  Sue tells you, 'I and Peggy are both knights or both knaves.'  Zeke tells you, 'I know that Sue is a knave and that Peggy is a knight.'  Dave claims, 'I and Sue are both knights.'  Peggy tells you that only a knave would say that Dave is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Joe, Zeke, Marge and Bart.  Joe claims that Zeke is a knave.  Zeke says, 'Bart is a knave.'  Marge tells you that Bart could say that Zeke is a knight.  Bart tells you, 'Joe would tell you that I am a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Betty, Marge, Homer and Carl.  Betty tells you that neither Homer nor Carl are knaves.  Marge tells you that either Betty is a knave or Homer is a knight.  Homer claims that Marge and Betty are both knights.  Carl says, 'I know that Homer is a knave and that Betty is a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Sally, Zippy, Dave and Betty.  Sally says that Zippy would tell you that Betty is a knave.  Zippy says, 'Dave and Sally are both knights or both knaves.'  Dave tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Zippy is a knave or that I am a knight.'  Betty claims, 'Dave is a knight or I am a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Zeke, Bill, Peggy and Bob.  Zeke says that Bob could say that Peggy is a knight.  Bill claims, 'Either Peggy is a knight or I am a knight.'  Peggy claims that Bill is a knave.  Bob tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Bill is a knave.'
You meet four inhabitants: Rex, Joe, Sue and Zeke.  Rex tells you that Zeke is a knave or Joe is a knight.  Joe says that Sue could claim that Zeke is a knight.  Sue says, 'I could claim that Joe is a knight.'  Zeke claims, 'Sue and Joe are knaves.'
You meet four inhabitants: Zippy, Marge, Betty and Bob.  Zippy says that Bob and Betty are both knights or both knaves.  Marge claims that Zippy is a knave.  Betty tells you, 'Either Bob is a knight or Zippy is a knave.'  Bob says that Zippy is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Zeke, Rex, Betty and Sue.  Zeke says, 'Sue would tell you that I am a knight.'  Rex tells you, 'I could claim that Zeke is a knight.'  Betty tells you that only a knave would say that Rex is a knave.  Sue claims, 'It's not the case that Rex is a knave.'
You meet four inhabitants: Dave, Zeke, Sally and Zoey.  Dave says, 'I and Sally are knights.'  Zeke says, 'Dave is a knave.'  Sally says that Zoey is a knave or Dave is a knave.  Zoey claims that Zeke is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Abe, Sally, Bart and Mel.  Abe says, 'I and Mel are both knights or both knaves.'  Sally claims that it's false that Mel is a knave.  Bart tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Abe is a knight.'  Mel claims that it's not the case that Abe is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Dave, Zippy, Sally and Abe.  Dave claims, 'Abe and I are the same.'  Zippy claims that Abe is a knave.  Sally says that neither Abe nor Dave are knaves.  Abe tells you, 'I know that I am a knight and that Dave is a knave.'
You meet four inhabitants: Bob, Dave, Alice and Sally.  Bob claims that Alice could say that Dave is a knave.  Dave tells you that Alice and Sally are not the same.  Alice claims that it's not the case that Dave is a knave.  Sally claims that it's false that Dave is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Homer, Mel, Rex and Sue.  Homer tells you, 'Mel is a knight and Rex is a knave.'  Mel tells you that Rex is a knave.  Rex says that of Mel and Sue, exactly one is a knight.  Sue claims that either Homer is a knight or Rex is a knave.
You meet four inhabitants: Peggy, Dave, Zeke and Ted.  Peggy claims that Ted and Dave are knaves.  Dave says that Ted is a knave.  Zeke tells you, 'Ted and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Ted says, 'Peggy is a knight or Zeke is a knight.'
You meet four inhabitants: Joe, Zed, Bill and Dave.  Joe tells you that Bill is a knight and Dave is a knave.  Zed says that either Dave is a knight or Joe is a knight.  Bill claims that only a knave would say that Joe is a knave.  Dave tells you that Joe is a knight or Bill is a knight.
You meet four inhabitants: Zoey, Bozo, Bob and Joe.  Zoey says that Joe is a knave.  Bozo claims that Zoey is a knave.  Bob tells you that Zoey is a knave.  Joe tells you, 'Of Bozo and Bob, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Bozo, Alice, Zippy, Marge and Zoey.  Bozo says that Zippy and Zoey are knaves.  Alice says, 'Zoey is a knave and I am a knight.'  Zippy says that at least one of the following is true: that Marge is a knight or that Alice is a knight.  Marge says that it's false that Bozo is a knave.  Zoey says that at least one of the following is true: that Marge is a knight or that Bozo is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Zed, Sue, Joe, Zoey and Carl.  Zed says that Carl could claim that Zoey is a knight.  Sue claims that Joe could claim that Carl is a knave.  Joe claims, 'Carl is a knave.'  Zoey tells you, 'I would tell you that Zed is a knight.'  Carl says, 'I know that Zoey is a knave and that I am a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Carl, Bob, Marge, Alice and Betty.  Carl tells you that Alice is a knave.  Bob claims that at least one of the following is true: that Alice is a knave or that Betty is a knave.  Marge claims, 'I know that Carl is a knight and that Alice is a knave.'  Alice tells you that of Betty and Marge, exactly one is a knight.  Betty says, 'It's false that Alice is a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Peggy, Zippy, Joe, Carl and Bozo.  Peggy tells you that it's not the case that Joe is a knave.  Zippy says that either Joe is a knight or Bozo is a knight.  Joe says that it's not the case that Zippy is a knave.  Carl says that Bozo is a knight and Joe is a knave.  Bozo says, 'Joe is a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Marge, Zoey, Bozo, Zeke and Joe.  Marge claims that it's false that Bozo is a knave.  Zoey tells you that Marge would tell you that Joe is a knight.  Bozo claims, 'Joe is a knave.'  Zeke says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Joe is a knight or that Bozo is a knight.'  Joe tells you, 'I could claim that Bozo is a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Zoey, Bart, Rex, Dave and Alice.  Zoey tells you, 'Rex is a knight and Dave is a knave.'  Bart claims that Rex is a knave or Zoey is a knave.  Rex tells you that only a knave would say that Alice is a knave.  Dave tells you, 'Alice is a knave.'  Alice tells you, 'Either I am a knight or Bart is a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Dave, Bart, Bill, Zippy and Sally.  Dave tells you that Sally could say that Zippy is a knight.  Bart claims, 'Both Dave is a knave and I am a knight.'  Bill says that Bart and Sally are knaves.  Zippy tells you that it's not the case that Dave is a knave.  Sally says that it's not the case that Bart is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Marge, Zippy, Zed, Alice and Rex.  Marge claims, 'It's not the case that Alice is a knave.'  Zippy says, 'Marge and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Zed says that it's false that Rex is a knave.  Alice tells you that only a knave would say that Zed is a knave.  Rex claims, 'Zippy and I are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet five inhabitants: Zeke, Bill, Homer, Betty and Bozo.  Zeke tells you that only a knave would say that Bill is a knave.  Bill claims, 'Both Bozo is a knave and I am a knight.'  Homer tells you that Betty is a knave.  Betty claims that Zeke is a knave or Homer is a knave.  Bozo says that at least one of the following is true: that Zeke is a knight or that Bill is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Bozo, Bob, Joe, Dave and Sue.  Bozo tells you that Dave and Bob are the same.  Bob claims, 'Sue is a knight or Dave is a knave.'  Joe says, 'Both I am a knight and Bob is a knave.'  Dave claims that only a knave would say that Bozo is a knave.  Sue claims that Dave is a knave and Joe is a knight.
You meet five inhabitants: Bart, Zoey, Sally, Zeke and Dave.  Bart tells you that Zeke could say that Zoey is a knave.  Zoey tells you, 'I know that Sally is a knave and that Zeke is a knight.'  Sally claims that only a knave would say that Zeke is a knave.  Zeke claims that Zoey could claim that Dave is a knave.  Dave tells you, 'I am a knight or Sally is a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Betty, Marge, Homer, Carl and Sue.  Betty says, 'I know that Carl is a knave and that Sue is a knight.'  Marge says, 'I know that Betty is a knight and that Homer is a knave.'  Homer claims that Sue is a knight and Marge is a knave.  Carl says that Homer and Betty are knaves.  Sue claims, 'Neither Carl nor Homer are knaves.'
You meet five inhabitants: Zeke, Marge, Zoey, Betty and Mel.  Zeke claims that Betty is a knight or Mel is a knave.  Marge says, 'Zoey and Betty are knights.'  Zoey claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Betty is a knave.'  Betty says that Mel could say that Marge is a knight.  Mel claims that Marge is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Dave, Ted, Mel, Homer and Sue.  Dave says that at least one of the following is true: that Mel is a knight or that Homer is a knave.  Ted claims that Mel is a knight and Dave is a knave.  Mel tells you, 'Both Ted is a knight and Sue is a knave.'  Homer claims, 'Ted is a knave.'  Sue claims, 'It's false that Dave is a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Rex, Peggy, Sue, Joe and Homer.  Rex tells you, 'Sue could claim that I am a knave.'  Peggy tells you that only a knave would say that Joe is a knave.  Sue claims that Homer is a knave.  Joe tells you that neither Rex nor Sue are knaves.  Homer says that either Peggy is a knight or Rex is a knight.
You meet five inhabitants: Carl, Bozo, Marge, Bart and Zed.  Carl says that at least one of the following is true: that Bozo is a knight or that Bart is a knave.  Bozo claims that Marge could claim that Zed is a knave.  Marge says that it's false that Carl is a knave.  Bart says, 'Carl is a knave.'  Zed says, 'Marge is a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Carl, Joe, Rex, Bart and Zoey.  Carl claims, 'Either I am a knight or Bart is a knight.'  Joe tells you, 'Neither I nor Zoey are knaves.'  Rex says that Carl and Bart are not the same.  Bart claims, 'It's not the case that Rex is a knave.'  Zoey says that neither Joe nor Rex are knaves.
You meet five inhabitants: Homer, Ted, Betty, Abe and Zed.  Homer says that Zed and Abe are different.  Ted tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Abe is a knight or that Zed is a knight.'  Betty says, 'Zed is a knave.'  Abe says that only a knave would say that Betty is a knave.  Zed claims that Betty could say that Abe is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Sue, Zed, Betty, Ted and Marge.  Sue claims that Marge is a knight and Betty is a knave.  Zed says, 'It's not the case that Ted is a knave.'  Betty claims, 'I and Ted are not the same.'  Ted says that Betty is a knave.  Marge tells you that Ted is a knight and Betty is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Bart, Zed, Abe, Ted and Zeke.  Bart claims, 'Ted is a knave.'  Zed tells you, 'I am a knight or Zeke is a knave.'  Abe tells you that Ted and Zeke are knaves.  Ted claims that either Zed is a knave or Zeke is a knight.  Zeke claims, 'I know that Ted is a knave and that I am a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Rex, Marge, Sue, Betty and Homer.  Rex says that only a knave would say that Betty is a knave.  Marge says, 'I am a knight and Betty is a knave.'  Sue claims that Homer is a knave.  Betty tells you, 'I would tell you that Homer is a knave.'  Homer claims, 'Rex is a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Bart, Marge, Bozo, Carl and Joe.  Bart says that Carl and Bozo are not the same.  Marge claims, 'Of Bart and I, exactly one is a knight.'  Bozo says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Marge is a knave or that I am a knight.'  Carl says that either Bart is a knight or Joe is a knight.  Joe claims, 'Of Marge and Bozo, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Peggy, Betty, Abe, Marge and Ted.  Peggy says, 'Abe and Ted are both knights.'  Betty says, 'Abe and I are different.'  Abe says that Betty is a knave.  Marge tells you that it's not the case that Peggy is a knave.  Ted claims that Abe and Peggy are both knights or both knaves.
You meet five inhabitants: Zeke, Sue, Joe, Rex and Bart.  Zeke says, 'Neither I nor Joe are knaves.'  Sue says, 'Zeke and Rex are both knights or both knaves.'  Joe claims, 'Rex is a knave or Sue is a knave.'  Rex tells you that it's false that Bart is a knave.  Bart tells you that Rex and Sue are both knights or both knaves.
You meet five inhabitants: Zeke, Marge, Zoey, Homer and Mel.  Zeke tells you that Zoey would tell you that Marge is a knave.  Marge tells you that Mel is a knave or Homer is a knave.  Zoey claims, 'Homer and Marge are both knights or both knaves.'  Homer says that only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.  Mel tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Homer is a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Dave, Bill, Alice, Zippy and Ted.  Dave claims that it's false that Zippy is a knave.  Bill says, 'I know that Ted is a knight and that Dave is a knave.'  Alice tells you, 'Ted would tell you that Zippy is a knave.'  Zippy tells you, 'Ted could claim that I am a knave.'  Ted says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Dave is a knight or that I am a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Peggy, Joe, Zeke, Bozo and Abe.  Peggy says that Zeke is a knave.  Joe claims that Zeke would tell you that Abe is a knave.  Zeke claims that Bozo is a knave.  Bozo claims, 'I could claim that Zeke is a knight.'  Abe says, 'Joe would tell you that I am a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Sue, Rex, Mel, Zoey and Bozo.  Sue says, 'Only a knave would say that Mel is a knave.'  Rex says that Bozo is a knave.  Mel says that neither Zoey nor Rex are knaves.  Zoey tells you that it's false that Bozo is a knave.  Bozo claims, 'Zoey and I are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet five inhabitants: Alice, Peggy, Bob, Carl and Mel.  Alice says, 'Peggy and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Peggy says, 'Mel could say that Carl is a knight.'  Bob tells you, 'Alice is a knave.'  Carl tells you, 'I and Alice are not the same.'  Mel claims, 'Either Alice is a knave or Peggy is a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Mel, Bill, Sue, Marge and Zed.  Mel claims that of Marge and Zed, exactly one is a knight.  Bill tells you that neither Zed nor Marge are knaves.  Sue claims, 'Bill is a knight or Mel is a knave.'  Marge says, 'Of I and Zed, exactly one is a knight.'  Zed tells you that Bill and Mel are not the same.
You meet five inhabitants: Bozo, Marge, Mel, Bob and Abe.  Bozo says, 'I know that Mel is a knave and that Bob is a knight.'  Marge says, 'Mel could say that I am a knave.'  Mel claims, 'Neither Marge nor Bozo are knights.'  Bob says that Abe and Marge are both knights or both knaves.  Abe claims that Marge is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Sally, Rex, Joe, Carl and Bart.  Sally claims that at least one of the following is true: that Bart is a knight or that Rex is a knight.  Rex tells you that Bart is a knave.  Joe says that either Bart is a knave or Rex is a knave.  Carl claims that Rex is a knave.  Bart tells you that both Carl and Rex are knaves.
You meet five inhabitants: Carl, Zeke, Joe, Peggy and Bart.  Carl claims, 'Peggy and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Zeke claims that at least one of the following is true: that Carl is a knave or that Joe is a knight.  Joe says, 'Both I am a knight and Bart is a knave.'  Peggy says that it's not the case that Bart is a knave.  Bart tells you, 'Neither I nor Carl are knaves.'
You meet five inhabitants: Betty, Bob, Bill, Carl and Zeke.  Betty claims that Zeke is a knave.  Bob tells you that Betty is a knave.  Bill tells you, 'I know that Bob is a knight and that Zeke is a knave.'  Carl tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Bill is a knave or that Bob is a knight.  Zeke tells you that Carl is a knight or Bill is a knight.
You meet five inhabitants: Carl, Bob, Homer, Bill and Marge.  Carl claims that of Marge and Bill, exactly one is a knight.  Bob tells you, 'Bill is a knave or I am a knight.'  Homer says, 'Carl would tell you that I am a knight.'  Bill tells you that Homer would tell you that Bob is a knave.  Marge says that Bob is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Zippy, Ted, Abe, Zed and Bart.  Zippy says that either Bart is a knight or Ted is a knave.  Ted claims that neither Bart nor Zippy are knaves.  Abe tells you that neither Zed nor Zippy are knaves.  Zed tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Ted is a knave.'  Bart claims, 'Ted could claim that I am a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Zed, Bill, Dave, Zippy and Sally.  Zed tells you, 'I and Sally are not the same.'  Bill says, 'Zed is a knave.'  Dave tells you, 'Either Zed is a knave or Sally is a knight.'  Zippy says that Sally could claim that Dave is a knight.  Sally says, 'Bill is a knight or I am a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Betty, Marge, Homer, Carl and Bill.  Betty claims that either Bill is a knight or Marge is a knave.  Marge says that neither Betty nor Carl are knights.  Homer claims, 'I know that Carl is a knight and that Betty is a knave.'  Carl tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Betty is a knave or that Homer is a knave.  Bill claims, 'Marge and Betty are both knights.'
You meet five inhabitants: Carl, Bill, Homer, Bob and Marge.  Carl claims, 'Bob would tell you that Marge is a knave.'  Bill tells you that Carl is a knight or Bob is a knave.  Homer says that Carl and Bob are not the same.  Bob claims, 'It's not the case that Carl is a knave.'  Marge tells you that Carl is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Bob, Zoey, Peggy, Betty and Abe.  Bob says, 'Either Abe is a knave or I am a knight.'  Zoey tells you that it's false that Peggy is a knave.  Peggy tells you that Betty and Abe are both knights or both knaves.  Betty claims that Bob and Abe are not the same.  Abe tells you, 'Zoey would tell you that Bob is a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Homer, Dave, Joe, Zed and Alice.  Homer claims that Dave is a knave.  Dave says that Alice and Joe are both knights or both knaves.  Joe says that Zed is a knave.  Zed tells you that it's not the case that Homer is a knave.  Alice claims, 'Homer is a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Rex, Bob, Zoey, Marge and Zippy.  Rex says, 'Bob is a knave.'  Bob claims that Marge is a knave.  Zoey says that Rex and Bob are both knights or both knaves.  Marge claims, 'Both Zoey is a knight and Zippy is a knave.'  Zippy tells you that Bob and Zoey are the same.
You meet five inhabitants: Abe, Bart, Peggy, Joe and Bob.  Abe says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Bob is a knight or that Peggy is a knight.'  Bart tells you that Peggy and Abe are knights.  Peggy tells you, 'Either I am a knight or Abe is a knight.'  Joe claims that it's not the case that Bob is a knave.  Bob tells you that both Peggy and Bart are knaves.
You meet five inhabitants: Bozo, Marge, Mel, Bob and Sue.  Bozo claims, 'Sue could say that Marge is a knave.'  Marge says that at least one of the following is true: that Mel is a knight or that Bob is a knight.  Mel claims, 'Bozo and Bob are knights.'  Bob tells you that Bozo and Marge are the same.  Sue tells you, 'I could say that Bob is a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Ted, Sally, Abe, Bart and Bill.  Ted claims that Bill is a knave.  Sally tells you that either Abe is a knave or Ted is a knave.  Abe tells you, 'I know that Sally is a knave and that Bill is a knight.'  Bart claims that of Abe and Bill, exactly one is a knight.  Bill tells you that Sally and Abe are both knights.
You meet five inhabitants: Zeke, Homer, Alice, Rex and Bart.  Zeke tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Alice is a knave.'  Homer tells you that Bart is a knave.  Alice claims that only a knave would say that Bart is a knave.  Rex says that either Bart is a knave or Zeke is a knight.  Bart tells you that Rex is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Joe, Dave, Bozo, Sally and Mel.  Joe claims that Mel is a knave.  Dave says that only a knave would say that Sally is a knave.  Bozo claims, 'It's not the case that Sally is a knave.'  Sally claims that of Bozo and I, exactly one is a knight.  Mel says that Joe is a knave or Bozo is a knave.
You meet five inhabitants: Bart, Zeke, Rex, Zoey and Carl.  Bart tells you, 'Either I am a knight or Zoey is a knight.'  Zeke says, 'Carl and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Rex tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Carl is a knight.'  Zoey claims that at least one of the following is true: that Bart is a knave or that Carl is a knave.  Carl says, 'Either Bart is a knave or Zeke is a knight.'
You meet five inhabitants: Zed, Bart, Zeke, Abe and Bozo.  Zed claims that both Bart and Bozo are knaves.  Bart says that Bozo and Zeke are different.  Zeke says, 'Bart is a knave.'  Abe claims that Zeke is a knave.  Bozo tells you, 'Abe is a knave.'
You meet five inhabitants: Mel, Betty, Bozo, Bart and Zeke.  Mel says that Zeke could say that Betty is a knight.  Betty claims, 'Bart and I are not the same.'  Bozo says that Bart is a knave.  Bart says, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Zeke is a knave.'  Zeke says that Mel is a knave or Bozo is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Joe, Bob, Ted, Zippy, Alice and Zoey.  Joe claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Alice is a knave.'  Bob says, 'I could say that Zippy is a knight.'  Ted tells you that Zippy is a knight and Alice is a knave.  Zippy says that it's false that Bob is a knave.  Alice tells you, 'Either Zippy is a knave or Zoey is a knight.'  Zoey tells you that it's not the case that Joe is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Betty, Zippy, Zed, Bob, Dave and Alice.  Betty says that either Bob is a knight or Dave is a knight.  Zippy says, 'Both Dave is a knave and Bob is a knight.'  Zed says that Zippy and Dave are not the same.  Bob claims that either Dave is a knave or Alice is a knight.  Dave claims, 'Alice and I are not the same.'  Alice claims that Dave is a knave and Betty is a knight.
You meet six inhabitants: Betty, Rex, Peggy, Carl, Zeke and Marge.  Betty claims that Marge is a knave.  Rex tells you that Zeke could say that Peggy is a knight.  Peggy tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Marge is a knave.'  Carl tells you that either Marge is a knight or Peggy is a knight.  Zeke tells you, 'Neither Marge nor Rex are knights.'  Marge claims that it's not the case that Rex is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Joe, Sally, Alice, Dave, Bob and Rex.  Joe claims that only a knave would say that Dave is a knave.  Sally claims, 'Dave could say that Alice is a knave.'  Alice claims that Sally and Rex are not the same.  Dave tells you, 'I know that Bob is a knave and that Joe is a knight.'  Bob says, 'Sally could say that Dave is a knight.'  Rex says, 'It's false that Sally is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Mel, Sally, Bozo, Bob, Rex and Zoey.  Mel says that Bob and Zoey are both knights or both knaves.  Sally claims, 'Mel would tell you that I am a knave.'  Bozo says that Mel and Zoey are different.  Bob claims that Sally is a knave.  Rex says that Mel and Bozo are knaves.  Zoey claims, 'Neither I nor Rex are knaves.'
You meet six inhabitants: Rex, Mel, Homer, Alice, Sally and Zeke.  Rex says that Homer is a knave or Sally is a knight.  Mel says that it's not the case that Zeke is a knave.  Homer claims that Sally is a knave.  Alice tells you, 'I know that Homer is a knight and that Sally is a knave.'  Sally claims, 'Alice is a knight or I am a knight.'  Zeke says that both Homer and Sally are knaves.
You meet six inhabitants: Homer, Joe, Sue, Bart, Mel and Ted.  Homer claims, 'Only a knave would say that Ted is a knave.'  Joe claims that only a knave would say that Ted is a knave.  Sue tells you, 'Ted is a knave.'  Bart tells you, 'Sue would tell you that I am a knave.'  Mel says, 'Homer and Bart are knaves.'  Ted says, 'Bart could claim that I am a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Zed, Marge, Ted, Zeke, Zippy and Dave.  Zed says that Zippy is a knave or Dave is a knight.  Marge claims that Dave and Zippy are both knights or both knaves.  Ted tells you, 'Dave could say that I am a knight.'  Zeke says that Marge is a knave.  Zippy tells you that Zeke could claim that Ted is a knave.  Dave says, 'I could say that Zippy is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Joe, Peggy, Bart, Abe, Bozo and Homer.  Joe says that either Bozo is a knight or Peggy is a knight.  Peggy says, 'I and Abe are the same.'  Bart tells you, 'I could claim that Homer is a knight.'  Abe tells you that Bozo could say that Peggy is a knave.  Bozo tells you that Joe and Homer are both knights.  Homer says that of Bart and Joe, exactly one is a knight.
You meet six inhabitants: Zed, Bart, Ted, Sally, Bob and Zoey.  Zed tells you, 'I and Bob are knights.'  Bart claims that both Zoey is a knave and Sally is a knight.  Ted tells you, 'Of Bob and Bart, exactly one is a knight.'  Sally says that Zed would tell you that Bob is a knave.  Bob says that Zed is a knave.  Zoey tells you, 'Sally is a knave and I am a knight.'
You meet six inhabitants: Zed, Bill, Dave, Zippy, Zeke and Sally.  Zed claims, 'Bill is a knave.'  Bill tells you that Dave could say that Zeke is a knave.  Dave says that Zed is a knave.  Zippy says that Sally is a knight or Bill is a knave.  Zeke says, 'Either I am a knight or Bill is a knight.'  Sally claims that it's false that Zippy is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Sally, Zeke, Zippy, Joe, Sue and Bart.  Sally claims that either Joe is a knave or Zeke is a knave.  Zeke tells you, 'Joe and Bart are the same.'  Zippy claims that Sally is a knight or Bart is a knave.  Joe tells you that it's false that Zeke is a knave.  Sue says, 'It's not the case that Sally is a knave.'  Bart tells you, 'Zeke and I are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet six inhabitants: Sue, Bart, Marge, Rex, Abe and Zoey.  Sue claims that Zoey and Abe are knaves.  Bart tells you, 'I know that Marge is a knave and that Abe is a knight.'  Marge tells you that Bart is a knight and Zoey is a knave.  Rex claims, 'Only a knave would say that Sue is a knave.'  Abe says, 'Either I am a knight or Rex is a knight.'  Zoey tells you that only a knave would say that Abe is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Bozo, Mel, Bart, Homer, Zippy and Sue.  Bozo claims that Bart is a knave.  Mel tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Sue is a knight or that Bart is a knight.  Bart claims, 'Neither I nor Bozo are knaves.'  Homer claims, 'Bart and Mel are both knights or both knaves.'  Zippy claims that Mel is a knight or Homer is a knight.  Sue claims that Bart is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Marge, Ted, Carl, Alice, Rex and Zeke.  Marge claims that Alice is a knight or Zeke is a knight.  Ted says that Carl is a knave.  Carl says that neither Alice nor Marge are knights.  Alice claims, 'I know that Marge is a knight and that Ted is a knave.'  Rex claims that it's false that Ted is a knave.  Zeke tells you, 'I am a knight or Marge is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Peggy, Carl, Bob, Marge, Alice and Sally.  Peggy claims, 'Both Bob is a knave and I am a knight.'  Carl says, 'Both Sally and Bob are knaves.'  Bob tells you that Alice and Marge are both knights or both knaves.  Marge says that Peggy and Carl are both knights.  Alice claims that Marge could claim that Peggy is a knight.  Sally claims that it's false that Bob is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Betty, Alice, Carl, Sally, Bart and Zed.  Betty says that Zed and Bart are knaves.  Alice says, 'Betty and Sally are knaves.'  Carl tells you that Betty could claim that Alice is a knight.  Sally claims, 'Bart could claim that Betty is a knight.'  Bart tells you that Sally is a knave.  Zed says that it's false that Bart is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Betty, Alice, Carl, Ted, Dave and Homer.  Betty tells you, 'Homer is a knave and Ted is a knight.'  Alice tells you that Homer is a knave.  Carl says that it's not the case that Dave is a knave.  Ted claims that both Dave is a knave and Alice is a knight.  Dave says, 'Carl and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Homer claims that it's false that Dave is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Alice, Zippy, Ted, Abe, Zed and Peggy.  Alice claims, 'Abe is a knave.'  Zippy tells you that it's false that Ted is a knave.  Ted claims that Zed is a knave.  Abe claims, 'Peggy and Alice are knaves.'  Zed says that it's false that Alice is a knave.  Peggy says, 'Only a knave would say that Zippy is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Bob, Betty, Marge, Zippy, Bozo and Homer.  Bob says that either Homer is a knight or Marge is a knave.  Betty says, 'Of Marge and Zippy, exactly one is a knight.'  Marge tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Homer is a knave.'  Zippy tells you, 'Bozo and I are the same.'  Bozo tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Zippy is a knight or that Homer is a knave.  Homer claims, 'I know that Marge is a knight and that Zippy is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Bozo, Zoey, Sally, Abe, Bart and Peggy.  Bozo says that Bart is a knave.  Zoey tells you, 'Abe and Bart are not the same.'  Sally says, 'It's not the case that Zoey is a knave.'  Abe tells you that Sally could say that Peggy is a knave.  Bart tells you, 'I and Sally are not the same.'  Peggy claims, 'I could say that Bart is a knight.'
You meet six inhabitants: Rex, Marge, Zed, Bob, Homer and Bill.  Rex says, 'Homer and Marge are knaves.'  Marge claims that it's false that Bill is a knave.  Zed tells you that only a knave would say that Rex is a knave.  Bob says that at least one of the following is true: that Rex is a knight or that Zed is a knave.  Homer claims that either Marge is a knight or Bill is a knight.  Bill tells you, 'Rex could claim that I am a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Sally, Marge, Zoey, Bob, Rex and Dave.  Sally tells you that it's false that Dave is a knave.  Marge tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Rex is a knight or that Bob is a knight.'  Zoey claims that Dave is a knight and Sally is a knave.  Bob claims, 'Dave is a knave or Zoey is a knave.'  Rex tells you that Dave is a knave.  Dave claims, 'I could claim that Sally is a knight.'
You meet six inhabitants: Zeke, Bozo, Zoey, Mel, Rex and Dave.  Zeke claims that Zoey and Dave are knaves.  Bozo says that it's not the case that Rex is a knave.  Zoey tells you that Rex is a knave.  Mel claims that Zoey is a knave.  Rex tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Mel is a knave or that I am a knight.'  Dave says that Mel is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Dave, Joe, Zed, Bart, Betty and Abe.  Dave says that it's not the case that Betty is a knave.  Joe says, 'Both Betty is a knave and I am a knight.'  Zed says, 'I know that Bart is a knave and that Abe is a knight.'  Bart tells you, 'Zed is a knave or I am a knight.'  Betty claims that Bart is a knave or Abe is a knave.  Abe claims, 'Both Joe is a knave and Bart is a knight.'
You meet six inhabitants: Bob, Zed, Zoey, Sally, Zeke and Zippy.  Bob says that Zeke is a knave.  Zed says that Zippy is a knave.  Zoey tells you that Zippy and Sally are both knights or both knaves.  Sally tells you, 'Bob is a knave.'  Zeke says, 'I am a knight and Zoey is a knave.'  Zippy says that Bob is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Abe, Betty, Ted, Sally, Bozo and Dave.  Abe says that it's not the case that Sally is a knave.  Betty tells you that Abe is a knave.  Ted claims that Abe is a knave.  Sally tells you that both Abe is a knight and Bozo is a knave.  Bozo says, 'Either I am a knight or Dave is a knight.'  Dave claims that Bozo is a knave or Sally is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Dave, Homer, Zippy, Ted, Abe and Zed.  Dave says that only a knave would say that Abe is a knave.  Homer claims that Zed is a knight or Dave is a knight.  Zippy tells you that Abe is a knave.  Ted says that it's not the case that Abe is a knave.  Abe claims that Dave could claim that Ted is a knave.  Zed says, 'It's false that Dave is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Sally, Carl, Joe, Rex, Sue and Bob.  Sally claims, 'Joe is a knight or Carl is a knight.'  Carl tells you, 'Either I am a knight or Sally is a knight.'  Joe tells you, 'Carl could say that Rex is a knave.'  Rex says, 'Carl is a knight or Sue is a knave.'  Sue claims that it's false that Bob is a knave.  Bob tells you, 'I know that Rex is a knight and that Sally is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Alice, Betty, Mel, Bill, Abe and Zippy.  Alice tells you that Zippy is a knave and Betty is a knight.  Betty says that at least one of the following is true: that Zippy is a knave or that Alice is a knave.  Mel claims that only a knave would say that Zippy is a knave.  Bill claims, 'Of I and Alice, exactly one is a knight.'  Abe says that Bill is a knave.  Zippy says that both Alice is a knave and Abe is a knight.
You meet six inhabitants: Peggy, Betty, Abe, Bozo, Zeke and Ted.  Peggy claims that Ted is a knave.  Betty says that it's false that Bozo is a knave.  Abe claims, 'Of Peggy and Ted, exactly one is a knight.'  Bozo claims that at least one of the following is true: that Abe is a knave or that Zeke is a knight.  Zeke says that at least one of the following is true: that Betty is a knave or that Bozo is a knight.  Ted tells you that Bozo and Zeke are not the same.
You meet six inhabitants: Alice, Sue, Zeke, Dave, Peggy and Zoey.  Alice claims, 'Peggy is a knave.'  Sue claims that both Alice and Dave are knaves.  Zeke claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Dave is a knave.'  Dave claims that Alice is a knave and Zoey is a knight.  Peggy tells you, 'Zeke is a knave and I am a knight.'  Zoey tells you that Peggy is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Carl, Bozo, Joe, Rex, Abe and Betty.  Carl claims that either Rex is a knight or Joe is a knight.  Bozo claims, 'Abe could claim that I am a knave.'  Joe tells you that Betty is a knave.  Rex tells you that Betty is a knave.  Abe tells you that Bozo is a knave.  Betty tells you that Bozo is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Betty, Rex, Peggy, Sue, Joe and Homer.  Betty claims, 'I am a knight or Joe is a knave.'  Rex says, 'Peggy is a knave.'  Peggy tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Rex is a knight or that I am a knight.'  Sue claims that Homer would tell you that Joe is a knight.  Joe tells you that Rex could say that Betty is a knave.  Homer tells you, 'Betty is a knight or Sue is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Zoey, Homer, Ted, Mel, Bart and Zeke.  Zoey tells you that it's not the case that Mel is a knave.  Homer tells you, 'I would tell you that Ted is a knave.'  Ted says that only a knave would say that Homer is a knave.  Mel says, 'I know that Ted is a knave and that Zeke is a knight.'  Bart says that Ted and Homer are knights.  Zeke says, 'Ted is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Joe, Zippy, Zeke, Sally, Zoey and Bart.  Joe tells you that Bart could say that Zeke is a knave.  Zippy says that it's not the case that Sally is a knave.  Zeke says that Zippy and Bart are not the same.  Sally claims that it's false that Zeke is a knave.  Zoey tells you that Bart could claim that Zeke is a knight.  Bart says that Joe is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Sue, Carl, Homer, Zoey, Rex and Marge.  Sue says, 'Both Zoey and Homer are knaves.'  Carl claims that Marge is a knave or Rex is a knave.  Homer tells you that Marge and Rex are knights.  Zoey says, 'Homer could say that Carl is a knight.'  Rex claims, 'Zoey is a knave.'  Marge says that Homer could say that Carl is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Betty, Rex, Sue, Carl, Homer and Marge.  Betty tells you that Rex could claim that Carl is a knight.  Rex tells you that neither Marge nor Sue are knaves.  Sue claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Marge is a knave.'  Carl says, 'I am a knight or Rex is a knave.'  Homer tells you that of Rex and Carl, exactly one is a knight.  Marge says that Sue could claim that Homer is a knight.
You meet six inhabitants: Homer, Zippy, Sue, Bill, Bart and Abe.  Homer tells you that Bill would tell you that Abe is a knight.  Zippy says, 'I am a knight or Bill is a knave.'  Sue claims, 'I know that Abe is a knave and that Homer is a knight.'  Bill says, 'Homer and I are different.'  Bart tells you that neither Sue nor Bill are knaves.  Abe says, 'Both Sue and Bart are knaves.'
You meet six inhabitants: Marge, Mel, Peggy, Dave, Zeke and Ted.  Marge says, 'Ted would tell you that I am a knave.'  Mel claims, 'I and Ted are knights.'  Peggy claims that Marge and Dave are both knights or both knaves.  Dave tells you that Ted is a knave.  Zeke says that it's false that Mel is a knave.  Ted claims that Mel could claim that Marge is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Joe, Sue, Bart, Dave, Sally and Zed.  Joe claims that Zed and Dave are knights.  Sue says that Joe and Bart are not the same.  Bart claims, 'Dave and I are different.'  Dave tells you that Zed would tell you that Sue is a knight.  Sally claims that Dave and Joe are both knights or both knaves.  Zed claims, 'Neither Bart nor I are knaves.'
You meet six inhabitants: Abe, Ted, Zippy, Alice, Bill and Bob.  Abe tells you that Bob and Alice are knaves.  Ted tells you that both Bob is a knave and Abe is a knight.  Zippy tells you, 'I could claim that Bob is a knave.'  Alice tells you, 'Abe could claim that Zippy is a knave.'  Bill tells you that it's not the case that Alice is a knave.  Bob says, 'Abe is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Zippy, Zoey, Abe, Bob, Dave and Sue.  Zippy claims that Abe is a knave and Zoey is a knight.  Zoey claims that both Abe is a knight and Dave is a knave.  Abe claims, 'Neither Sue nor Bob are knaves.'  Bob claims that neither Zippy nor Abe are knaves.  Dave tells you that Zoey and Sue are knights.  Sue says that neither Zippy nor Dave are knaves.
You meet six inhabitants: Zed, Peggy, Dave, Zeke, Sally and Zoey.  Zed tells you, 'Dave and Zoey are both knights or both knaves.'  Peggy says, 'Of Zed and I, exactly one is a knight.'  Dave tells you that Peggy and Zoey are different.  Zeke says that Peggy and Sally are both knights.  Sally claims that Zoey would tell you that Zeke is a knight.  Zoey claims, 'Both I am a knight and Zeke is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Sue, Joe, Zoey, Carl, Sally and Bart.  Sue says that Carl could claim that Bart is a knave.  Joe claims that Sally would tell you that Zoey is a knave.  Zoey says that Sue and Bart are both knights or both knaves.  Carl says, 'Zoey is a knight or I am a knight.'  Sally claims that of Joe and Sue, exactly one is a knight.  Bart claims, 'I am a knight and Sally is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Betty, Zippy, Bill, Abe, Bob and Alice.  Betty says that it's false that Bill is a knave.  Zippy says, 'Bob is a knave or Alice is a knight.'  Bill tells you that Bob and Betty are both knights or both knaves.  Abe tells you that Bill is a knave.  Bob says that Zippy is a knave.  Alice claims that it's false that Abe is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Bill, Peggy, Betty, Sue, Homer and Mel.  Bill says, 'I know that Homer is a knave and that Betty is a knight.'  Peggy claims that at least one of the following is true: that Homer is a knave or that Sue is a knave.  Betty claims that Mel is a knave or Sue is a knave.  Sue says that Mel is a knave.  Homer claims, 'It's false that Sue is a knave.'  Mel claims that Peggy and Homer are the same.
You meet six inhabitants: Marge, Mel, Bob, Sue, Alice and Bozo.  Marge claims, 'Neither I nor Bozo are knaves.'  Mel says that of Bozo and Marge, exactly one is a knight.  Bob says, 'Mel is a knave.'  Sue tells you that Mel is a knave.  Alice claims that both Bob is a knave and Mel is a knight.  Bozo says, 'Mel is a knave.'
You meet six inhabitants: Mel, Zoey, Bozo, Zeke, Sue and Betty.  Mel claims that neither Bozo nor Sue are knaves.  Zoey tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Sue is a knave or that Betty is a knave.'  Bozo tells you that Zoey is a knave and Zeke is a knight.  Zeke claims that neither Sue nor Mel are knaves.  Sue says, 'Neither I nor Mel are knaves.'  Betty says that Mel is a knave.
You meet six inhabitants: Rex, Dave, Zeke, Sally, Zoey and Bart.  Rex says, 'Sally and Dave are knaves.'  Dave claims that it's not the case that Zoey is a knave.  Zeke says, 'I am a knight or Rex is a knave.'  Sally tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Dave is a knave or that Zeke is a knight.  Zoey tells you, 'Rex could say that Bart is a knave.'  Bart says, 'Zeke would tell you that Rex is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Ted, Alice, Zed, Marge, Zippy, Sally and Betty.  Ted tells you that Alice is a knave.  Alice says that Sally is a knight or Zed is a knight.  Zed claims that Alice could claim that Betty is a knight.  Marge claims, 'It's false that Betty is a knave.'  Zippy says that only a knave would say that Ted is a knave.  Sally claims, 'I am a knight and Betty is a knave.'  Betty says that Zippy is a knave or Ted is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Sally, Ted, Zippy, Bob, Abe, Bill and Betty.  Sally says, 'Either Betty is a knight or Ted is a knave.'  Ted claims that both Sally is a knave and Bill is a knight.  Zippy tells you, 'Betty is a knave or I am a knight.'  Bob tells you, 'Zippy is a knave.'  Abe claims, 'Zippy is a knave.'  Bill claims that at least one of the following is true: that Bob is a knave or that Sally is a knight.  Betty tells you, 'It's not the case that Ted is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Bob, Ted, Rex, Peggy, Alice, Zippy and Abe.  Bob says, 'Both Alice is a knight and Abe is a knave.'  Ted says that either Alice is a knave or Abe is a knave.  Rex tells you, 'Of Abe and Peggy, exactly one is a knight.'  Peggy tells you that Alice is a knave.  Alice says that it's false that Rex is a knave.  Zippy tells you that Alice and Ted are both knights.  Abe claims, 'Either Bob is a knight or Ted is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Zippy, Joe, Zed, Bart, Marge, Zoey and Bozo.  Zippy claims that Bozo is a knave or Joe is a knave.  Joe tells you that Zed is a knave.  Zed tells you that Joe would tell you that Bart is a knave.  Bart tells you, 'Bozo would tell you that Zed is a knight.'  Marge tells you, 'Bart is a knave.'  Zoey says that Bozo is a knight or Bart is a knight.  Bozo tells you that neither Zoey nor Marge are knights.
You meet seven inhabitants: Peggy, Zoey, Joe, Dave, Bozo, Sally and Mel.  Peggy says that it's false that Zoey is a knave.  Zoey tells you that both Bozo is a knave and Peggy is a knight.  Joe tells you, 'I know that Bozo is a knight and that Mel is a knave.'  Dave claims, 'Both Peggy and Joe are knaves.'  Bozo says that it's false that Peggy is a knave.  Sally claims that Dave is a knave or Joe is a knight.  Mel says that Peggy and Bozo are knaves.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zeke, Sue, Carl, Alice, Bozo, Sally and Bart.  Zeke tells you, 'It's false that Sally is a knave.'  Sue tells you that Bart and Sally are not the same.  Carl tells you, 'Both I am a knight and Zeke is a knave.'  Alice claims, 'I and Bozo are both knights.'  Bozo claims, 'Bart and I are knights.'  Sally says that it's not the case that Bozo is a knave.  Bart says, 'I could say that Alice is a knight.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Homer, Mel, Ted, Alice, Sue, Bob and Zoey.  Homer says that Ted could claim that Sue is a knight.  Mel tells you, 'Bob and Alice are both knights or both knaves.'  Ted claims that Bob and Homer are knaves.  Alice says that Homer is a knave or Sue is a knave.  Sue tells you that Zoey and Ted are both knights or both knaves.  Bob claims that Sue is a knave or Ted is a knave.  Zoey claims that at least one of the following is true: that Bob is a knight or that Alice is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Betty, Sue, Homer, Mel, Carl, Zoey and Rex.  Betty tells you, 'Carl is a knave.'  Sue tells you that Betty is a knave and Mel is a knight.  Homer says, 'Zoey would tell you that Rex is a knight.'  Mel tells you that either Sue is a knave or Betty is a knave.  Carl says, 'I could say that Zoey is a knight.'  Zoey claims that Rex is a knave.  Rex claims that Betty and Mel are both knights or both knaves.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zed, Alice, Betty, Sue, Homer, Mel and Ted.  Zed claims that Alice could say that Homer is a knight.  Alice says, 'Either Sue is a knave or Ted is a knight.'  Betty tells you that Mel is a knight or Alice is a knave.  Sue claims that only a knave would say that Ted is a knave.  Homer says that Mel is a knave.  Mel says that it's false that Alice is a knave.  Ted tells you that both Alice is a knight and Homer is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zed, Sally, Sue, Joe, Homer, Bozo and Ted.  Zed tells you that Homer could claim that Ted is a knave.  Sally tells you that Ted could say that Joe is a knight.  Sue says, 'Joe could say that Zed is a knave.'  Joe claims that it's not the case that Zed is a knave.  Homer tells you, 'I and Sally are knights.'  Bozo tells you that Joe is a knave and Homer is a knight.  Ted claims, 'Joe could claim that I am a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Ted, Betty, Zed, Sue, Peggy, Bill and Zeke.  Ted says that both Peggy is a knight and Zeke is a knave.  Betty tells you, 'Peggy could say that Zed is a knave.'  Zed tells you that Ted and Bill are both knights or both knaves.  Sue claims that only a knave would say that Bill is a knave.  Peggy claims that only a knave would say that Bill is a knave.  Bill tells you, 'Peggy and Sue are the same.'  Zeke says that neither Sue nor Bill are knights.
You meet seven inhabitants: Betty, Marge, Homer, Bozo, Alice, Dave and Bob.  Betty says that Bob is a knave or Homer is a knave.  Marge claims, 'Bozo could claim that Homer is a knight.'  Homer says, 'I could claim that Marge is a knave.'  Bozo says, 'Bob is a knave or Alice is a knave.'  Alice says that at least one of the following is true: that Homer is a knight or that Marge is a knave.  Dave claims that Betty is a knight or Homer is a knight.  Bob claims, 'Alice is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Zoey, Sally, Carl, Alice, Betty, Sue and Bart.  Zoey claims that Alice is a knight or Bart is a knave.  Sally says that Alice is a knight and Bart is a knave.  Carl tells you that either Alice is a knave or Betty is a knight.  Alice says that Sally could say that Zoey is a knight.  Betty claims, 'Sue is a knave or Bart is a knave.'  Sue tells you that both Betty is a knave and Alice is a knight.  Bart claims that only a knave would say that Alice is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Abe, Sally, Bozo, Carl, Bob, Joe and Peggy.  Abe says that Bozo is a knave or Carl is a knight.  Sally says, 'Both Abe and Carl are knaves.'  Bozo tells you, 'I and Joe are both knights or both knaves.'  Carl says that Peggy and Bozo are both knights.  Bob says, 'Bozo and Abe are not the same.'  Joe tells you that Carl is a knave.  Peggy says that either Bozo is a knight or Bob is a knight.
You meet seven inhabitants: Rex, Abe, Bill, Zippy, Betty, Sally and Dave.  Rex tells you, 'Dave is a knave.'  Abe tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Sally is a knight or that Zippy is a knave.  Bill says that both Betty is a knave and Abe is a knight.  Zippy claims, 'Either Rex is a knight or Sally is a knight.'  Betty says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Bill is a knave or that Rex is a knave.'  Sally says that either Bill is a knave or Abe is a knight.  Dave tells you that either Sally is a knight or Abe is a knight.
You meet seven inhabitants: Sue, Joe, Zippy, Sally, Abe, Zoey and Bart.  Sue tells you, 'Neither Bart nor Abe are knaves.'  Joe says that neither Sally nor Bart are knights.  Zippy claims that Sue is a knave.  Sally tells you that Bart is a knave.  Abe tells you that Bart is a knave.  Zoey tells you, 'Either Sue is a knave or I am a knight.'  Bart says, 'Both Sue is a knight and Joe is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Ted, Zippy, Alice, Peggy, Abe, Bill and Bob.  Ted tells you that Bob is a knave and Alice is a knight.  Zippy claims that Abe and Ted are the same.  Alice claims that neither Peggy nor Abe are knights.  Peggy says that only a knave would say that Zippy is a knave.  Abe tells you that Alice is a knave or Peggy is a knave.  Bill claims that it's false that Alice is a knave.  Bob tells you that Ted is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Bozo, Homer, Zeke, Carl, Peggy, Rex and Abe.  Bozo tells you that Homer and Peggy are both knights.  Homer says, 'Zeke is a knave.'  Zeke claims, 'Bozo is a knave or Abe is a knave.'  Carl claims that Bozo is a knave or Peggy is a knave.  Peggy claims that Abe is a knave or Bozo is a knave.  Rex says that Carl is a knave.  Abe says, 'Both Rex is a knight and Peggy is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Sue, Zippy, Homer, Bart, Mel, Bozo and Zeke.  Sue says, 'It's false that Homer is a knave.'  Zippy says that it's not the case that Zeke is a knave.  Homer says, 'Neither Mel nor I are knaves.'  Bart tells you that Mel and Bozo are different.  Mel tells you, 'Zippy could claim that Homer is a knave.'  Bozo tells you, 'I know that Homer is a knave and that Mel is a knight.'  Zeke tells you that Sue and Homer are both knights or both knaves.
You meet seven inhabitants: Mel, Joe, Zed, Bart, Marge, Bozo and Carl.  Mel claims, 'Bart is a knight and Bozo is a knave.'  Joe claims that only a knave would say that Marge is a knave.  Zed claims that at least one of the following is true: that Bart is a knight or that Bozo is a knave.  Bart says that both Mel is a knight and Zed is a knave.  Marge tells you, 'Mel is a knave.'  Bozo tells you that Carl is a knave.  Carl says, 'Bozo is a knave or Bart is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Zippy, Alice, Bill, Marge, Betty, Ted and Zeke.  Zippy says that Ted is a knave.  Alice says that Betty is a knave.  Bill claims, 'Neither Betty nor Marge are knaves.'  Marge claims that Zippy and Zeke are not the same.  Betty tells you, 'Ted is a knave.'  Ted claims, 'I could claim that Zeke is a knight.'  Zeke claims that it's not the case that Betty is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Mel, Bart, Alice, Sally, Zeke, Dave and Rex.  Mel says, 'I know that Dave is a knight and that Zeke is a knave.'  Bart claims, 'Only a knave would say that Rex is a knave.'  Alice claims that Bart and Dave are both knights or both knaves.  Sally says, 'Mel is a knave.'  Zeke says that it's false that Sally is a knave.  Dave claims that it's false that Zeke is a knave.  Rex tells you that Dave would tell you that Zeke is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Joe, Sue, Sally, Bozo, Dave, Zed and Alice.  Joe says that Dave could claim that Alice is a knave.  Sue says that Bozo and Joe are both knights or both knaves.  Sally claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Sue is a knave.'  Bozo claims, 'Sally is a knave.'  Dave claims that Alice is a knight or Bozo is a knight.  Zed claims, 'Of I and Sally, exactly one is a knight.'  Alice says, 'Dave could say that Zed is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Zippy, Alice, Bozo, Zeke, Joe, Mel and Peggy.  Zippy says that at least one of the following is true: that Zeke is a knight or that Joe is a knave.  Alice tells you that either Mel is a knight or Zippy is a knave.  Bozo tells you that both Joe is a knave and Alice is a knight.  Zeke says, 'Zippy is a knight or Mel is a knight.'  Joe tells you that Peggy is a knave.  Mel claims that of Bozo and Alice, exactly one is a knight.  Peggy tells you, 'Neither Mel nor Zippy are knaves.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Zippy, Dave, Bart, Bill, Bob, Zeke and Peggy.  Zippy claims that Zeke and Dave are different.  Dave tells you, 'Peggy would tell you that I am a knave.'  Bart tells you that either Zeke is a knave or Zippy is a knave.  Bill claims, 'Of Zippy and Bart, exactly one is a knight.'  Bob claims that Peggy and Zeke are both knights.  Zeke tells you that Dave would tell you that Bart is a knight.  Peggy claims that it's not the case that Zeke is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Bob, Bill, Alice, Zippy, Marge, Ted and Abe.  Bob tells you that Ted would tell you that Zippy is a knave.  Bill tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Marge is a knave.'  Alice says that it's false that Zippy is a knave.  Zippy tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Abe is a knight or that Bob is a knave.  Marge tells you, 'Both Alice is a knave and I am a knight.'  Ted says, 'Bob is a knight or I am a knight.'  Abe says that Ted and Alice are not the same.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zed, Peggy, Dave, Joe, Zippy, Homer and Abe.  Zed says that Dave is a knave or Zippy is a knight.  Peggy says that only a knave would say that Homer is a knave.  Dave tells you, 'Joe is a knight and Zed is a knave.'  Joe tells you that Dave is a knight and Zed is a knave.  Zippy claims, 'Either Joe is a knave or Homer is a knight.'  Homer claims that Abe is a knave.  Abe says that only a knave would say that Zed is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zeke, Rex, Zoey, Carl, Sally, Zed and Mel.  Zeke says that both Carl and Zed are knaves.  Rex tells you, 'Either Mel is a knight or Carl is a knight.'  Zoey tells you that only a knave would say that Zed is a knave.  Carl tells you, 'I and Zoey are both knights.'  Sally says, 'Mel could say that I am a knave.'  Zed claims, 'Sally is a knave.'  Mel tells you that Carl is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zed, Alice, Ted, Bob, Zoey, Marge and Bill.  Zed claims that Zoey and Alice are the same.  Alice says, 'Either I am a knight or Bill is a knight.'  Ted says that Zoey is a knave.  Bob tells you that of Zoey and Ted, exactly one is a knight.  Zoey claims that Alice is a knave.  Marge claims that only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.  Bill says that Bob could say that Alice is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zoey, Sally, Zeke, Zed, Abe, Betty and Ted.  Zoey says that Ted is a knight or Sally is a knight.  Sally says, 'Ted is a knave or Betty is a knight.'  Zeke claims, 'I know that Zed is a knave and that Ted is a knight.'  Zed claims, 'Both I am a knight and Abe is a knave.'  Abe claims that only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.  Betty says that at least one of the following is true: that Zed is a knight or that Zoey is a knight.  Ted tells you, 'Of Sally and Abe, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Bob, Zed, Ted, Zeke, Carl, Mel and Joe.  Bob claims, 'Zed and Zeke are knights.'  Zed claims that at least one of the following is true: that Carl is a knight or that Joe is a knight.  Ted says that Zeke would tell you that Bob is a knight.  Zeke tells you, 'I could say that Ted is a knight.'  Carl claims that Mel would tell you that Zed is a knave.  Mel claims that Carl and Zeke are both knights or both knaves.  Joe says that Zeke and Mel are knights.
You meet seven inhabitants: Carl, Joe, Rex, Bart, Marge, Zoey and Bob.  Carl claims, 'Zoey and I are knights.'  Joe says, 'Carl could claim that I am a knight.'  Rex tells you that Carl is a knave and Marge is a knight.  Bart tells you, 'It's not the case that Joe is a knave.'  Marge claims that Zoey is a knave or Bob is a knight.  Zoey claims, 'It's false that Bart is a knave.'  Bob says that of Bart and Joe, exactly one is a knight.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zippy, Zoey, Abe, Rex, Peggy, Sue and Joe.  Zippy tells you that Rex is a knave.  Zoey tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Zippy is a knave or that Joe is a knight.  Abe says that Peggy is a knave and Zoey is a knight.  Rex says, 'Neither Zippy nor I are knaves.'  Peggy claims, 'Neither I nor Abe are knaves.'  Sue says that Abe and Peggy are both knights or both knaves.  Joe claims that only a knave would say that Rex is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zoey, Bob, Rex, Ted, Marge, Bart and Bozo.  Zoey says, 'I know that Ted is a knight and that Bozo is a knave.'  Bob claims that Marge is a knight or Bozo is a knight.  Rex tells you that either Marge is a knight or Bozo is a knave.  Ted tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Rex is a knight.'  Marge claims that Ted is a knave and Bozo is a knight.  Bart claims that Ted is a knave and Rex is a knight.  Bozo says that Zoey could claim that Bob is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Sally, Ted, Mel, Bill, Bart, Rex and Joe.  Sally says, 'I know that Rex is a knave and that Mel is a knight.'  Ted tells you that Bart is a knave.  Mel says that Sally could claim that Bill is a knight.  Bill says that at least one of the following is true: that Mel is a knave or that Rex is a knight.  Bart says, 'Bill is a knave.'  Rex claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that Joe is a knave or that I am a knight.'  Joe tells you, 'Sally and I are knights.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Sally, Carl, Homer, Marge, Betty, Bob and Bill.  Sally says that Bob and Marge are knaves.  Carl says, 'Of I and Marge, exactly one is a knight.'  Homer tells you that neither Betty nor Bill are knaves.  Marge tells you, 'Bill and Sally are both knights or both knaves.'  Betty claims that Bill could claim that Bob is a knight.  Bob says, 'I know that Carl is a knave and that I am a knight.'  Bill claims, 'Carl could say that Bob is a knight.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Zed, Betty, Ted, Homer, Alice, Sue and Dave.  Zed says that Dave is a knave and Betty is a knight.  Betty claims, 'Sue could say that I am a knave.'  Ted tells you, 'Dave is a knave or I am a knight.'  Homer says that it's false that Dave is a knave.  Alice tells you that Dave is a knave.  Sue says, 'I could say that Alice is a knight.'  Dave says that only a knave would say that Betty is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Joe, Rex, Peggy, Bart, Abe, Sally and Zippy.  Joe tells you, 'I know that Zippy is a knight and that Abe is a knave.'  Rex tells you that only a knave would say that Joe is a knave.  Peggy says that Sally and Joe are knights.  Bart tells you, 'I know that Abe is a knave and that Sally is a knight.'  Abe claims that only a knave would say that Zippy is a knave.  Sally says, 'Neither Abe nor Peggy are knaves.'  Zippy tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Rex is a knight or that Bart is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Mel, Rex, Bob, Sue, Alice, Homer and Ted.  Mel says that only a knave would say that Rex is a knave.  Rex tells you that Ted and Alice are both knights or both knaves.  Bob claims, 'Ted is a knave or Mel is a knight.'  Sue claims that Ted is a knave or Alice is a knight.  Alice claims, 'Homer is a knave.'  Homer tells you that it's not the case that Ted is a knave.  Ted says that Rex is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Alice, Carl, Bill, Peggy, Betty, Mel and Sally.  Alice says that Peggy is a knight or Sally is a knight.  Carl claims that Alice is a knave.  Bill claims that only a knave would say that Betty is a knave.  Peggy claims, 'Mel could claim that Betty is a knave.'  Betty claims that at least one of the following is true: that Carl is a knight or that Peggy is a knave.  Mel claims that at least one of the following is true: that Carl is a knight or that Betty is a knight.  Sally claims that Betty is a knave or Peggy is a knight.
You meet seven inhabitants: Zed, Betty, Ted, Marge, Homer, Carl and Abe.  Zed tells you, 'I and Abe are not the same.'  Betty claims, 'Only a knave would say that Carl is a knave.'  Ted claims that Marge and Abe are both knights.  Marge says, 'Both I am a knight and Zed is a knave.'  Homer says that Marge is a knave.  Carl tells you that Ted and Homer are knights.  Abe says, 'Homer could say that Carl is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Sue, Bob, Mel, Ted, Sally, Alice and Marge.  Sue tells you that either Sally is a knave or Bob is a knight.  Bob claims that Alice and Sue are not the same.  Mel tells you, 'I know that Marge is a knave and that Ted is a knight.'  Ted says that Marge is a knave or Alice is a knave.  Sally says that Ted could say that Alice is a knave.  Alice tells you, 'I and Marge are both knights or both knaves.'  Marge tells you that Sue is a knave or Sally is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Ted, Zippy, Alice, Bill, Marge, Bart and Bozo.  Ted says that Alice is a knave or Bozo is a knight.  Zippy claims that either Marge is a knave or Bozo is a knight.  Alice says, 'Zippy and Marge are both knights.'  Bill says that Bart is a knave.  Marge tells you, 'I know that Bozo is a knave and that Alice is a knight.'  Bart says that Ted and Alice are both knights or both knaves.  Bozo tells you, 'I am a knight or Bart is a knave.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Abe, Betty, Peggy, Zoey, Bill, Sue and Zeke.  Abe claims, 'Zeke and I are the same.'  Betty tells you, 'I am a knight or Sue is a knight.'  Peggy claims, 'It's false that Sue is a knave.'  Zoey says that Bill would tell you that Abe is a knight.  Bill says, 'Betty could say that I am a knave.'  Sue says that Betty and Abe are knaves.  Zeke tells you, 'Zoey and I are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet seven inhabitants: Joe, Zeke, Marge, Zippy, Sally, Abe and Bart.  Joe tells you that both Zeke and Bart are knaves.  Zeke tells you that Abe could claim that Sally is a knight.  Marge says that Joe is a knight and Abe is a knave.  Zippy claims that Bart would tell you that Marge is a knave.  Sally tells you that Abe and Zippy are knaves.  Abe claims, 'Either Joe is a knight or Zippy is a knave.'  Bart says that Sally is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Alice, Ted, Bob, Zoey, Marge, Zippy and Sue.  Alice says that Sue is a knave.  Ted says that Sue is a knave.  Bob tells you that it's false that Sue is a knave.  Zoey says, 'Either Alice is a knight or Zippy is a knight.'  Marge claims, 'Alice and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Zippy says, 'I know that Marge is a knight and that Bob is a knave.'  Sue tells you that Zippy and Ted are both knights or both knaves.
You meet seven inhabitants: Betty, Zed, Sue, Joe, Ted, Dave and Sally.  Betty says, 'Sally would tell you that I am a knave.'  Zed tells you, 'I know that Dave is a knave and that I am a knight.'  Sue says that Ted is a knave or Betty is a knave.  Joe claims that it's false that Sue is a knave.  Ted tells you that of Dave and Sue, exactly one is a knight.  Dave tells you, 'Zed and Joe are both knights or both knaves.'  Sally says that only a knave would say that Betty is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Rex, Joe, Carl, Sally, Bart, Bozo and Dave.  Rex claims that Carl is a knave.  Joe claims, 'Bozo could claim that I am a knave.'  Carl says that it's false that Sally is a knave.  Sally says, 'Either Dave is a knave or Joe is a knight.'  Bart tells you that Rex is a knave.  Bozo tells you, 'Carl and Joe are not the same.'  Dave says that Bart is a knight and Sally is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Bob, Betty, Marge, Homer, Carl, Bill and Peggy.  Bob claims that it's false that Carl is a knave.  Betty says that both Bill is a knave and Homer is a knight.  Marge tells you that Bill is a knave.  Homer claims that both Bill is a knight and Bob is a knave.  Carl claims that Bill would tell you that Betty is a knight.  Bill says that Peggy could say that Bob is a knave.  Peggy tells you that Carl is a knave.
You meet seven inhabitants: Homer, Mel, Bill, Sue, Zeke, Bozo and Zoey.  Homer claims that Sue and Mel are different.  Mel claims that both Zoey is a knight and Bozo is a knave.  Bill tells you that Homer would tell you that Mel is a knight.  Sue says that either Zoey is a knave or Mel is a knight.  Zeke tells you that Mel and Sue are the same.  Bozo claims, 'Bill is a knight or Zeke is a knight.'  Zoey says that of Homer and Sue, exactly one is a knight.
You meet eight inhabitants: Sue, Bob, Mel, Ted, Alice, Marge, Zeke and Carl.  Sue tells you that Carl is a knight or Zeke is a knight.  Bob tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Ted is a knight or that Zeke is a knight.'  Mel says that Marge is a knave.  Ted claims that Carl and Alice are both knights or both knaves.  Alice claims, 'Only a knave would say that Bob is a knave.'  Marge tells you that Carl could claim that Alice is a knave.  Zeke tells you, 'Either Marge is a knave or Ted is a knave.'  Carl claims, 'I and Marge are not the same.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Dave, Zeke, Sally, Zoey, Bart, Bozo, Alice and Bob.  Dave claims that only a knave would say that Bart is a knave.  Zeke tells you, 'Bob and Sally are different.'  Sally tells you that Bob is a knave.  Zoey says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Bart is a knight or that Bozo is a knave.'  Bart says that either Zeke is a knave or Sally is a knight.  Bozo claims, 'Dave and Bob are knights.'  Alice claims that Zoey is a knave and Bart is a knight.  Bob tells you that Sally is a knave and Alice is a knight.
You meet eight inhabitants: Bill, Peggy, Sally, Zed, Marge, Ted, Zeke and Dave.  Bill claims that Ted is a knave.  Peggy says that only a knave would say that Ted is a knave.  Sally tells you that Dave and Peggy are both knights or both knaves.  Zed claims that Sally is a knave.  Marge tells you, 'Bill is a knave.'  Ted tells you that Peggy could say that Zeke is a knight.  Zeke tells you, 'I could claim that Ted is a knight.'  Dave claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Bill is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Rex, Marge, Zed, Alice, Sally, Ted, Mel and Betty.  Rex claims, 'Either I am a knight or Mel is a knight.'  Marge says that Rex and Mel are the same.  Zed tells you, 'Betty and Ted are knaves.'  Alice tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Zed is a knave or that Marge is a knave.  Sally claims that Alice is a knave and Ted is a knight.  Ted says that Rex is a knave or Alice is a knave.  Mel says, 'I could say that Ted is a knight.'  Betty says, 'I am a knight and Ted is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Bart, Bill, Dave, Zippy, Bozo, Sally, Mel and Homer.  Bart claims that at least one of the following is true: that Sally is a knave or that Bill is a knight.  Bill claims that Zippy could claim that Homer is a knave.  Dave tells you that Bart is a knave.  Zippy claims, 'Either Bart is a knight or Bozo is a knave.'  Bozo claims that both Zippy and Homer are knaves.  Sally says that either Bozo is a knight or Homer is a knave.  Mel claims that Bart and Sally are both knights or both knaves.  Homer claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that Bozo is a knave or that Zippy is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Alice, Carl, Sue, Rex, Mel, Zoey, Bozo and Betty.  Alice tells you that only a knave would say that Sue is a knave.  Carl says, 'Sue is a knight and Alice is a knave.'  Sue claims that both Bozo is a knave and Carl is a knight.  Rex says that it's not the case that Sue is a knave.  Mel tells you that either Betty is a knight or Bozo is a knight.  Zoey says that Sue is a knave.  Bozo says, 'Zoey could claim that Sue is a knave.'  Betty claims, 'I know that Sue is a knight and that Rex is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Zeke, Zippy, Bozo, Sally, Betty, Zed, Bill and Dave.  Zeke tells you that Dave is a knight and Betty is a knave.  Zippy tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Betty is a knight or that Bozo is a knave.  Bozo says that Dave is a knave.  Sally says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Zed is a knave or that Betty is a knave.'  Betty claims that at least one of the following is true: that Zeke is a knave or that Dave is a knight.  Zed claims, 'Zippy is a knave.'  Bill says that Zed and Dave are the same.  Dave says, 'Both Bozo and Zippy are knaves.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Rex, Alice, Carl, Ted, Marge, Abe, Bart and Bill.  Rex claims that both Marge is a knave and Bart is a knight.  Alice tells you that Bill could claim that Carl is a knave.  Carl tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Abe is a knave or that Alice is a knave.'  Ted claims that it's false that Alice is a knave.  Marge claims, 'Bill is a knight or Alice is a knight.'  Abe claims that Rex and Marge are not the same.  Bart claims that Ted would tell you that Bill is a knight.  Bill tells you that it's false that Bart is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Rex, Mel, Zoey, Bozo, Dave, Zeke, Bill and Peggy.  Rex says that it's false that Mel is a knave.  Mel tells you that Peggy and Rex are both knights.  Zoey says, 'Rex is a knight and Mel is a knave.'  Bozo claims that both Bill is a knight and Zoey is a knave.  Dave claims that only a knave would say that Mel is a knave.  Zeke says that both Dave is a knight and Rex is a knave.  Bill says, 'I know that Peggy is a knave and that Zoey is a knight.'  Peggy tells you, 'I and Zoey are both knights.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Sue, Bill, Mel, Betty, Sally, Zippy, Marge and Bozo.  Sue claims, 'Marge and Betty are different.'  Bill claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Sue is a knight.'  Mel claims that only a knave would say that Bozo is a knave.  Betty tells you, 'Bill is a knight and Sally is a knave.'  Sally tells you that either Sue is a knight or Mel is a knight.  Zippy tells you that only a knave would say that Bozo is a knave.  Marge tells you that Mel and Bozo are both knights or both knaves.  Bozo claims, 'It's not the case that Marge is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Bozo, Bart, Marge, Carl, Joe, Ted, Peggy and Abe.  Bozo claims that Bart is a knave.  Bart claims that Abe is a knave or Carl is a knave.  Marge tells you that both Carl and Peggy are knaves.  Carl claims that Abe is a knave.  Joe says that Abe is a knave.  Ted tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Abe is a knave or that Bart is a knight.  Peggy tells you that Abe is a knave.  Abe says, 'Either Ted is a knight or Bart is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Peggy, Mel, Betty, Bozo, Bart, Joe, Sally and Alice.  Peggy claims that both Alice is a knight and Bozo is a knave.  Mel claims, 'Joe could say that Peggy is a knight.'  Betty tells you, 'Alice could claim that I am a knave.'  Bozo says, 'Either Peggy is a knave or Joe is a knave.'  Bart tells you that only a knave would say that Joe is a knave.  Joe tells you, 'Neither Betty nor Alice are knights.'  Sally claims that Alice would tell you that Mel is a knight.  Alice tells you that it's false that Sally is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Marge, Mel, Betty, Bob, Bill, Carl, Zeke and Alice.  Marge says that it's not the case that Bob is a knave.  Mel claims, 'Bill is a knave.'  Betty tells you that Carl and Zeke are knights.  Bob claims that neither Mel nor Bill are knaves.  Bill says, 'Only a knave would say that Carl is a knave.'  Carl tells you, 'I know that Alice is a knave and that Zeke is a knight.'  Zeke tells you, 'Of Carl and I, exactly one is a knight.'  Alice claims that Zeke and Marge are both knights.
You meet eight inhabitants: Sally, Betty, Zed, Bill, Dave, Zippy, Zeke and Zoey.  Sally says that it's not the case that Betty is a knave.  Betty tells you that Zed could claim that Zippy is a knave.  Zed says that only a knave would say that Betty is a knave.  Bill says, 'Either Betty is a knave or Zoey is a knight.'  Dave claims that both Zed and Zippy are knaves.  Zippy claims, 'Bill is a knave.'  Zeke claims, 'Only a knave would say that Dave is a knave.'  Zoey claims that both Zeke is a knight and Bill is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Zeke, Ted, Bob, Sue, Alice, Peggy, Joe and Bozo.  Zeke tells you that both Bob is a knave and Sue is a knight.  Ted says that Bob is a knight or Zeke is a knave.  Bob tells you that neither Ted nor Joe are knights.  Sue tells you that Bozo is a knave.  Alice says, 'Zeke is a knave.'  Peggy tells you, 'Zeke could say that I am a knave.'  Joe says that Bozo could claim that Ted is a knight.  Bozo tells you that Peggy could say that Sue is a knight.
You meet eight inhabitants: Zoey, Zippy, Zeke, Bill, Peggy, Betty, Abe and Bozo.  Zoey claims that Abe could claim that Zeke is a knave.  Zippy claims that only a knave would say that Abe is a knave.  Zeke claims that it's false that Betty is a knave.  Bill says that of Bozo and Zoey, exactly one is a knight.  Peggy tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Zeke is a knave.'  Betty tells you, 'Bill and Zeke are different.'  Abe says that Peggy is a knave.  Bozo tells you that Zippy is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Peggy, Sue, Carl, Homer, Marge, Betty, Rex and Dave.  Peggy says that neither Carl nor Dave are knaves.  Sue says, 'I know that Betty is a knight and that Rex is a knave.'  Carl says, 'Peggy and Rex are both knights or both knaves.'  Homer says that at least one of the following is true: that Dave is a knave or that Betty is a knave.  Marge claims that Rex and Sue are both knights.  Betty claims that it's not the case that Sue is a knave.  Rex says that Peggy could claim that Homer is a knave.  Dave claims, 'Betty and Rex are not the same.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Bill, Bart, Rex, Dave, Alice, Sally, Ted and Abe.  Bill tells you that only a knave would say that Bart is a knave.  Bart claims, 'Rex is a knight or Dave is a knight.'  Rex says that either Dave is a knave or Sally is a knave.  Dave claims that at least one of the following is true: that Sally is a knave or that Abe is a knave.  Alice claims that Bill would tell you that Abe is a knight.  Sally says that Alice is a knave or Abe is a knight.  Ted says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Bill is a knave or that Bart is a knight.'  Abe says that it's false that Ted is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Rex, Bart, Marge, Bill, Homer, Joe, Sue and Zed.  Rex claims that Marge and Bart are the same.  Bart tells you that only a knave would say that Bill is a knave.  Marge tells you, 'I know that Zed is a knave and that Homer is a knight.'  Bill tells you that Marge would tell you that Bart is a knave.  Homer tells you that Sue and Bart are not the same.  Joe claims, 'Marge and Zed are different.'  Sue tells you, 'Marge is a knave.'  Zed tells you, 'I know that Bart is a knave and that Bill is a knight.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Abe, Dave, Bart, Sally, Joe, Homer, Bozo and Peggy.  Abe claims that at least one of the following is true: that Homer is a knight or that Joe is a knave.  Dave tells you that Peggy and Sally are not the same.  Bart says, 'Peggy and Homer are the same.'  Sally tells you that of Homer and Peggy, exactly one is a knight.  Joe says that Homer is a knave.  Homer claims that Sally is a knave.  Bozo claims, 'Dave and I are the same.'  Peggy tells you, 'Of Bozo and Abe, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Bart, Bozo, Abe, Peggy, Joe, Zeke, Zoey and Marge.  Bart claims, 'I know that Bozo is a knight and that Peggy is a knave.'  Bozo tells you that Zoey is a knave.  Abe claims that Joe and Bart are knaves.  Peggy claims, 'Both Abe and Zeke are knaves.'  Joe claims, 'I am a knight and Peggy is a knave.'  Zeke says that Peggy would tell you that Bozo is a knight.  Zoey claims that Marge is a knave.  Marge claims, 'Abe and I are not the same.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Alice, Carl, Sally, Bozo, Zoey, Mel, Rex and Sue.  Alice tells you, 'Rex and I are not the same.'  Carl claims that both Sue is a knave and Mel is a knight.  Sally tells you that Zoey would tell you that Rex is a knight.  Bozo tells you, 'Alice would tell you that Zoey is a knave.'  Zoey claims that Sue and Alice are not the same.  Mel claims that at least one of the following is true: that Bozo is a knight or that Sally is a knave.  Rex says that only a knave would say that Sally is a knave.  Sue says that Rex is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Sally, Zeke, Dave, Peggy, Homer, Zoey, Abe and Rex.  Sally says that only a knave would say that Homer is a knave.  Zeke tells you, 'Rex is a knave.'  Dave claims that Sally is a knave.  Peggy claims that Sally and Rex are not the same.  Homer tells you that it's not the case that Abe is a knave.  Zoey says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Abe is a knight or that I am a knight.'  Abe says that Dave could claim that Homer is a knave.  Rex tells you that Sally and Dave are not the same.
You meet eight inhabitants: Carl, Peggy, Rex, Ted, Bob, Abe, Zippy and Alice.  Carl says that Rex and Peggy are different.  Peggy tells you that Rex and Abe are knights.  Rex claims that Abe is a knave.  Ted claims that both Abe and Peggy are knaves.  Bob tells you that Abe is a knave or Zippy is a knight.  Abe claims that Rex would tell you that Bob is a knave.  Zippy says that Alice could say that Ted is a knight.  Alice claims that Peggy could say that Rex is a knight.
You meet eight inhabitants: Zed, Marge, Zoey, Homer, Bill, Betty, Rex and Bart.  Zed tells you that Homer and Rex are not the same.  Marge tells you that only a knave would say that Zed is a knave.  Zoey says, 'Homer would tell you that Rex is a knight.'  Homer says that Bart is a knave.  Bill tells you that Homer is a knave.  Betty says, 'Rex is a knave.'  Rex tells you that Bill would tell you that Bart is a knave.  Bart tells you that Bill and Homer are the same.
You meet eight inhabitants: Rex, Mel, Zoey, Homer, Zippy, Zeke, Bill and Peggy.  Rex tells you, 'Zoey could claim that Homer is a knave.'  Mel tells you that Zeke is a knave and Zippy is a knight.  Zoey says, 'Homer is a knave.'  Homer claims that Bill and Peggy are knights.  Zippy says that Zoey is a knave or Zeke is a knight.  Zeke claims, 'Neither Zippy nor Bill are knaves.'  Bill says that it's false that Peggy is a knave.  Peggy claims that Zippy is a knave and Zeke is a knight.
You meet eight inhabitants: Ted, Marge, Joe, Carl, Bill, Zeke, Sally and Zoey.  Ted claims, 'Zeke is a knave.'  Marge says that Zeke is a knave or Sally is a knight.  Joe tells you, 'Ted and Carl are both knights or both knaves.'  Carl claims, 'Bill and Sally are knaves.'  Bill tells you, 'Marge would tell you that I am a knight.'  Zeke tells you that either Zoey is a knight or Joe is a knight.  Sally tells you, 'Zoey would tell you that Ted is a knight.'  Zoey tells you, 'It's false that Bill is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Marge, Mel, Bozo, Sally, Bill, Sue, Zoey and Peggy.  Marge says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Zoey is a knight or that Mel is a knave.'  Mel says that either Bozo is a knight or Bill is a knave.  Bozo claims, 'Marge would tell you that Peggy is a knight.'  Sally claims that at least one of the following is true: that Mel is a knave or that Zoey is a knave.  Bill claims that Bozo could claim that Sally is a knave.  Sue claims that Bill is a knave.  Zoey says that Sue and Marge are knights.  Peggy tells you, 'Zoey is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Mel, Zed, Bob, Dave, Alice, Sally, Joe and Zippy.  Mel tells you that Alice could claim that Sally is a knight.  Zed claims, 'Dave and Zippy are the same.'  Bob says that Zippy and Mel are knaves.  Dave says that Zed could claim that Mel is a knight.  Alice claims that both Joe is a knave and Zed is a knight.  Sally claims that only a knave would say that Bob is a knave.  Joe tells you that Zed is a knave.  Zippy tells you, 'Bob and Sally are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Sue, Carl, Homer, Dave, Zeke, Ted, Marge and Zed.  Sue tells you that both Homer is a knave and Marge is a knight.  Carl claims that Ted is a knave.  Homer tells you that Sue is a knight or Dave is a knave.  Dave tells you, 'Neither Zed nor Marge are knights.'  Zeke tells you that it's false that Marge is a knave.  Ted says that Carl and Zed are both knights or both knaves.  Marge claims that Sue and Zed are both knights.  Zed claims that Carl could claim that Homer is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Homer, Zippy, Joe, Peggy, Bart, Zed, Abe and Ted.  Homer tells you that Zippy could claim that Joe is a knight.  Zippy claims that it's false that Ted is a knave.  Joe says that of Homer and Peggy, exactly one is a knight.  Peggy says, 'I and Joe are not the same.'  Bart claims that it's false that Zed is a knave.  Zed says that both Peggy and Zippy are knaves.  Abe says that at least one of the following is true: that Zippy is a knight or that Joe is a knave.  Ted says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Zippy is a knave or that I am a knight.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Homer, Alice, Joe, Sally, Rex, Zippy, Abe and Peggy.  Homer says, 'Zippy is a knight and Sally is a knave.'  Alice tells you that it's false that Abe is a knave.  Joe says that at least one of the following is true: that Sally is a knave or that Abe is a knight.  Sally says that Joe and Rex are knights.  Rex claims that neither Peggy nor Abe are knights.  Zippy tells you, 'Joe is a knight or I am a knight.'  Abe says that either Sally is a knave or Zippy is a knight.  Peggy tells you that Sally is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Betty, Bob, Bill, Carl, Zeke, Marge, Alice and Zoey.  Betty tells you that Bob is a knave.  Bob tells you, 'Zoey and Carl are different.'  Bill tells you that Zoey is a knave.  Carl tells you, 'Either Bob is a knight or Zeke is a knight.'  Zeke tells you that Marge could say that Bill is a knave.  Marge claims, 'Both Carl is a knave and Bill is a knight.'  Alice says that it's false that Carl is a knave.  Zoey says that both Zeke and Alice are knaves.
You meet eight inhabitants: Zippy, Joe, Mel, Marge, Bozo, Abe, Ted and Alice.  Zippy tells you, 'Both Abe is a knight and Ted is a knave.'  Joe tells you, 'Alice is a knight or Marge is a knight.'  Mel tells you that Abe is a knight and Marge is a knave.  Marge claims that only a knave would say that Bozo is a knave.  Bozo says that it's not the case that Abe is a knave.  Abe claims, 'I am a knight and Bozo is a knave.'  Ted claims, 'Bozo would tell you that Abe is a knight.'  Alice says that either Ted is a knave or Bozo is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Joe, Sue, Bart, Dave, Sally, Zed, Zoey and Zeke.  Joe says, 'Zed is a knave or I am a knight.'  Sue says that at least one of the following is true: that Dave is a knave or that Zed is a knave.  Bart claims, 'Zeke and Dave are knights.'  Dave says, 'Sally would tell you that I am a knight.'  Sally says that it's false that Zeke is a knave.  Zed says that at least one of the following is true: that Zoey is a knave or that Bart is a knight.  Zoey tells you that either Bart is a knave or Sally is a knave.  Zeke says, 'Joe is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Carl, Bill, Bob, Betty, Marge, Homer, Bozo and Joe.  Carl claims that at least one of the following is true: that Bozo is a knave or that Betty is a knight.  Bill claims, 'I know that Homer is a knave and that Betty is a knight.'  Bob tells you that Betty and Bill are both knights.  Betty says, 'Either Homer is a knight or Bob is a knight.'  Marge says that of Bill and Joe, exactly one is a knight.  Homer tells you that Marge is a knight or Betty is a knave.  Bozo tells you that Betty would tell you that Marge is a knight.  Joe claims, 'Bozo could claim that I am a knight.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Zippy, Joe, Peggy, Alice, Zed, Abe, Ted and Mel.  Zippy says that neither Mel nor Abe are knaves.  Joe tells you that it's false that Zed is a knave.  Peggy says, 'I know that Mel is a knave and that Joe is a knight.'  Alice says that Ted and Mel are both knights or both knaves.  Zed tells you that either Mel is a knave or Abe is a knight.  Abe says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Zippy is a knight or that Ted is a knight.'  Ted says that Zed would tell you that Joe is a knave.  Mel claims that Peggy could say that Abe is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Peggy, Bart, Abe, Sally, Zippy, Dave, Bill and Zoey.  Peggy tells you that Bart is a knave.  Bart tells you that only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.  Abe says, 'I am a knight or Peggy is a knight.'  Sally claims that Bart and Bill are knaves.  Zippy says that Zoey is a knave.  Dave tells you that only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.  Bill claims, 'Bart and Abe are both knights or both knaves.'  Zoey says that Bill is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Zoey, Abe, Mel, Bart, Bill, Dave, Zippy and Sally.  Zoey claims that Mel and Bart are both knights or both knaves.  Abe tells you that it's not the case that Bart is a knave.  Mel claims, 'Only a knave would say that Sally is a knave.'  Bart says that Dave could claim that Sally is a knave.  Bill tells you that neither Dave nor Zoey are knights.  Dave tells you, 'Neither Zippy nor Mel are knaves.'  Zippy tells you, 'Sally and I are knights.'  Sally claims, 'Mel would tell you that I am a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Joe, Carl, Bozo, Marge, Bart, Mel, Bob and Zed.  Joe says that Zed could claim that Carl is a knight.  Carl says that Bart and Joe are the same.  Bozo claims that Marge and Bob are not the same.  Marge tells you that Bob and Joe are both knights.  Bart tells you, 'Carl is a knight or I am a knight.'  Mel tells you, 'It's not the case that Zed is a knave.'  Bob says that it's not the case that Joe is a knave.  Zed tells you, 'Bob is a knave and Bozo is a knight.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Ted, Homer, Alice, Sue, Bob, Mel, Marge and Zoey.  Ted says that Mel and Bob are both knights or both knaves.  Homer claims that at least one of the following is true: that Ted is a knight or that Zoey is a knave.  Alice says that both Homer and Zoey are knaves.  Sue tells you that both Bob and Homer are knaves.  Bob claims that only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.  Mel says, 'I know that I am a knight and that Homer is a knave.'  Marge says that Alice is a knave.  Zoey claims, 'It's false that Mel is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Homer, Zippy, Ted, Abe, Zed, Peggy, Dave and Zeke.  Homer tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Zeke is a knave.'  Zippy says, 'Zeke could say that Homer is a knave.'  Ted claims, 'I know that Homer is a knight and that Zippy is a knave.'  Abe tells you, 'Zed is a knave.'  Zed tells you that Peggy and Dave are both knights or both knaves.  Peggy claims that Zippy and Dave are both knights or both knaves.  Dave claims that only a knave would say that Abe is a knave.  Zeke claims, 'Abe and Zed are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Zeke, Abe, Zoey, Zed, Sally, Mel, Bart and Sue.  Zeke claims that Zed is a knave.  Abe says that either Sally is a knight or Zeke is a knave.  Zoey tells you that either Sue is a knight or Sally is a knave.  Zed tells you, 'Abe and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Sally claims, 'Sue is a knave.'  Mel claims that Zeke would tell you that Sally is a knight.  Bart tells you that Sue would tell you that Abe is a knight.  Sue tells you that Zed is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Zeke, Marge, Homer, Carl, Abe, Zippy, Joe and Sue.  Zeke claims that Sue and Carl are the same.  Marge tells you, 'Carl is a knave or Zippy is a knave.'  Homer tells you that only a knave would say that Joe is a knave.  Carl tells you, 'Both Joe is a knight and Homer is a knave.'  Abe tells you that Joe is a knave.  Zippy tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Homer is a knight or that Joe is a knave.  Joe says, 'Of I and Homer, exactly one is a knight.'  Sue claims that both Marge is a knight and Zippy is a knave.
You meet eight inhabitants: Bozo, Bart, Ted, Sally, Carl, Joe, Mel and Peggy.  Bozo claims that both Mel and Joe are knaves.  Bart says that at least one of the following is true: that Sally is a knight or that Peggy is a knight.  Ted claims that Bozo is a knave.  Sally claims that Carl could claim that Bozo is a knight.  Carl claims, 'Joe is a knave and Ted is a knight.'  Joe says that at least one of the following is true: that Carl is a knave or that Bart is a knight.  Mel says that Carl is a knight and Joe is a knave.  Peggy claims that either Joe is a knight or Mel is a knight.
You meet eight inhabitants: Ted, Abe, Zed, Peggy, Mel, Bob, Sue and Bozo.  Ted claims that only a knave would say that Sue is a knave.  Abe tells you that Bob and Mel are knaves.  Zed says that Bob and Bozo are the same.  Peggy says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Bozo is a knight or that Sue is a knight.'  Mel tells you, 'Either Sue is a knave or Abe is a knight.'  Bob tells you, 'I know that Abe is a knave and that Bozo is a knight.'  Sue claims that Bob and Abe are different.  Bozo claims, 'I and Peggy are the same.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Rex, Dave, Zeke, Homer, Ted, Betty, Abe and Zed.  Rex says that Betty is a knave.  Dave says, 'It's not the case that Betty is a knave.'  Zeke says, 'Zed is a knave.'  Homer tells you that it's false that Betty is a knave.  Ted tells you, 'Both Zeke and Abe are knaves.'  Betty says that Abe is a knave.  Abe tells you that it's false that Zeke is a knave.  Zed says that Zeke could claim that Dave is a knight.
You meet eight inhabitants: Dave, Zeke, Sally, Zoey, Bart, Rex, Zippy and Carl.  Dave claims that it's not the case that Zippy is a knave.  Zeke claims that at least one of the following is true: that Carl is a knight or that Zoey is a knight.  Sally tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Zoey is a knave or that Zeke is a knight.  Zoey tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Zippy is a knave or that Sally is a knave.  Bart tells you, 'Zoey is a knave or Sally is a knight.'  Rex claims that Zoey could say that Zeke is a knave.  Zippy says that Sally could claim that Bart is a knight.  Carl claims, 'Only a knave would say that Bart is a knave.'
You meet eight inhabitants: Zeke, Rex, Zoey, Carl, Ted, Marge, Bart and Mel.  Zeke says, 'Carl and I are different.'  Rex claims, 'Bart and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Zoey tells you, 'It's false that Ted is a knave.'  Carl claims that Zeke and Rex are both knights or both knaves.  Ted claims that Rex is a knave.  Marge tells you, 'Rex and Zeke are different.'  Bart claims that Mel is a knave.  Mel tells you that Marge and Rex are not the same.
You meet eight inhabitants: Mel, Betty, Zeke, Carl, Bill, Bob, Joe and Peggy.  Mel says, 'Neither Carl nor Zeke are knights.'  Betty says, 'Joe and I are both knights.'  Zeke says that Peggy is a knave.  Carl tells you that Joe could claim that Peggy is a knight.  Bill says, 'Bob is a knave.'  Bob says that neither Mel nor Peggy are knights.  Joe claims, 'Only a knave would say that Carl is a knave.'  Peggy says that Carl is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Bozo, Zoey, Marge, Bart, Zed, Joe, Dave, Sue and Mel.  Bozo claims that it's false that Dave is a knave.  Zoey tells you that Marge is a knave and Sue is a knight.  Marge claims that Bozo is a knave.  Bart claims, 'Zed could claim that I am a knight.'  Zed says that only a knave would say that Dave is a knave.  Joe says, 'It's not the case that Bart is a knave.'  Dave claims that Mel and Joe are both knights or both knaves.  Sue tells you that Zed is a knave.  Mel claims, 'Neither Bozo nor Zoey are knaves.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Peggy, Bill, Bart, Betty, Ted, Homer, Dave, Rex and Zoey.  Peggy tells you that of Zoey and Homer, exactly one is a knight.  Bill says, 'I could say that Ted is a knight.'  Bart says, 'Peggy could say that I am a knight.'  Betty tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Zoey is a knave.'  Ted claims, 'I and Betty are knights.'  Homer claims, 'It's false that Dave is a knave.'  Dave says, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Bart is a knight.'  Rex says that at least one of the following is true: that Ted is a knight or that Betty is a knight.  Zoey says that Bill is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Zippy, Betty, Bill, Homer, Dave, Zed, Bob, Marge and Carl.  Zippy says that Bill is a knave.  Betty says that Bill could say that Carl is a knight.  Bill tells you that Homer and Marge are different.  Homer claims, 'Either Bob is a knave or Carl is a knave.'  Dave says that Betty and Zed are knaves.  Zed claims that either Bill is a knave or Dave is a knave.  Bob says, 'Marge could say that I am a knave.'  Marge claims, 'I am a knight or Zippy is a knight.'  Carl tells you, 'Either Zed is a knave or Bob is a knight.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Zippy, Sue, Homer, Abe, Zeke, Ted, Zed, Alice and Peggy.  Zippy tells you that either Alice is a knave or Zed is a knave.  Sue says, 'I know that Homer is a knave and that Zed is a knight.'  Homer claims, 'It's not the case that Abe is a knave.'  Abe tells you that neither Zed nor Peggy are knaves.  Zeke tells you, 'Neither Zippy nor I are knaves.'  Ted claims that only a knave would say that Abe is a knave.  Zed claims that Zeke and Alice are both knights or both knaves.  Alice tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that Abe is a knave or that Peggy is a knave.'  Peggy tells you that Abe and Ted are not the same.
You meet nine inhabitants: Abe, Ted, Zippy, Alice, Bob, Betty, Bozo, Homer and Dave.  Abe says that Zippy and Betty are knights.  Ted claims that Abe would tell you that Zippy is a knight.  Zippy tells you, 'Ted could claim that Bozo is a knave.'  Alice tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Dave is a knave or that Bozo is a knave.  Bob says, 'Homer could claim that Betty is a knave.'  Betty says that Zippy is a knave.  Bozo tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Bob is a knave or that Betty is a knave.  Homer claims, 'Alice is a knave.'  Dave claims that Bob is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Dave, Zed, Sally, Mel, Bart, Sue, Joe, Zippy and Bob.  Dave says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Joe is a knave or that I am a knight.'  Zed claims, 'Joe is a knave.'  Sally says, 'Neither Bob nor Joe are knights.'  Mel tells you that Bob is a knave.  Bart claims that Joe could claim that Zed is a knight.  Sue says that Joe is a knight and Dave is a knave.  Joe tells you that only a knave would say that Zippy is a knave.  Zippy says, 'I know that Dave is a knight and that Mel is a knave.'  Bob says that Zippy and Bart are both knights.
You meet nine inhabitants: Dave, Alice, Mel, Bob, Abe, Bart, Joe, Peggy and Rex.  Dave says that both Rex is a knight and Abe is a knave.  Alice says, 'Neither Abe nor Bob are knaves.'  Mel claims that at least one of the following is true: that Bart is a knight or that Abe is a knave.  Bob tells you that Peggy is a knave.  Abe says that Dave is a knave.  Bart claims that Peggy is a knave.  Joe claims that neither Peggy nor Abe are knaves.  Peggy claims that either Rex is a knight or Dave is a knight.  Rex says that Peggy would tell you that Bart is a knight.
You meet nine inhabitants: Sally, Alice, Dave, Rex, Bart, Zoey, Bozo, Marge and Carl.  Sally tells you that Bozo is a knave.  Alice says that Dave and Carl are both knights or both knaves.  Dave claims, 'I know that Sally is a knight and that Bart is a knave.'  Rex tells you that it's not the case that Bart is a knave.  Bart claims that Marge is a knave.  Zoey says that of Rex and Bozo, exactly one is a knight.  Bozo says, 'Both Zoey is a knave and Carl is a knight.'  Marge says, 'Zoey and Carl are both knights or both knaves.'  Carl says that it's false that Zoey is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Homer, Ted, Betty, Zed, Zoey, Mel, Peggy, Bill and Bozo.  Homer says that Ted is a knave and Zoey is a knight.  Ted says, 'Neither Bozo nor Homer are knights.'  Betty tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Zoey is a knight or that Ted is a knight.  Zed says, 'Zoey and Mel are both knights.'  Zoey claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that Ted is a knave or that Peggy is a knave.'  Mel says that neither Zed nor Bozo are knaves.  Peggy claims that it's false that Homer is a knave.  Bill tells you, 'Betty and Peggy are knights.'  Bozo says, 'Both Bill and Homer are knaves.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Sue, Bob, Mel, Marge, Zoey, Homer, Betty, Carl and Sally.  Sue says that Carl is a knave.  Bob tells you that neither Marge nor Mel are knaves.  Mel says, 'I know that Marge is a knave and that Sally is a knight.'  Marge says that Homer is a knave.  Zoey tells you that both Bob is a knight and Marge is a knave.  Homer says that Carl is a knave or Sue is a knight.  Betty tells you that Sue is a knave and Carl is a knight.  Carl tells you, 'Sally and Bob are knights.'  Sally tells you that Zoey could claim that Homer is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Carl, Betty, Ted, Zed, Marge, Alice, Rex, Bob and Sally.  Carl claims that Ted would tell you that Alice is a knave.  Betty says that at least one of the following is true: that Ted is a knave or that Zed is a knave.  Ted says, 'Rex could say that Betty is a knave.'  Zed claims that Sally and Alice are different.  Marge says that Rex is a knave.  Alice claims, 'Carl is a knave or Sally is a knight.'  Rex says, 'I know that Bob is a knave and that I am a knight.'  Bob says, 'I and Rex are both knights or both knaves.'  Sally tells you that Bob is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Dave, Sally, Zed, Zoey, Zeke, Bill, Betty, Rex and Bart.  Dave claims, 'I know that Betty is a knight and that Zoey is a knave.'  Sally claims that Bill would tell you that Zeke is a knave.  Zed tells you that only a knave would say that Dave is a knave.  Zoey claims that both Sally is a knave and Betty is a knight.  Zeke says, 'Either Bill is a knight or Betty is a knight.'  Bill tells you that Zed is a knight or Zoey is a knight.  Betty claims that Bart could say that Dave is a knight.  Rex claims that Bill is a knave.  Bart says that Betty is a knight or Zoey is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Bill, Bart, Rex, Joe, Carl, Bozo, Homer, Sue and Dave.  Bill says that it's not the case that Rex is a knave.  Bart claims that either Dave is a knight or Bill is a knave.  Rex says, 'Joe and I are both knights.'  Joe claims that both Bart is a knave and Rex is a knight.  Carl says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Joe is a knave or that Bill is a knave.'  Bozo says that Homer is a knave and Dave is a knight.  Homer tells you that it's not the case that Bart is a knave.  Sue claims that neither Rex nor Carl are knaves.  Dave tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Joe is a knave or that Sue is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Bill, Homer, Joe, Sue, Zed, Betty, Ted, Alice and Zippy.  Bill tells you, 'Homer and Joe are knights.'  Homer claims, 'I know that Bill is a knight and that Joe is a knave.'  Joe says that at least one of the following is true: that Sue is a knave or that Bill is a knight.  Sue tells you that Zippy and Betty are both knights or both knaves.  Zed says, 'Either Zippy is a knave or Alice is a knight.'  Betty says that Ted is a knave.  Ted tells you that it's false that Zippy is a knave.  Alice claims, 'Both I am a knight and Zed is a knave.'  Zippy claims that either Homer is a knave or Joe is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Bart, Marge, Bozo, Abe, Ted, Zippy, Alice, Bill and Mel.  Bart claims that Marge is a knight or Bill is a knight.  Marge says that either Alice is a knave or Bill is a knight.  Bozo says, 'Both Zippy is a knave and Bill is a knight.'  Abe says that Marge could say that Mel is a knight.  Ted claims, 'I could claim that Alice is a knave.'  Zippy tells you that Alice is a knight or Ted is a knave.  Alice tells you that Zippy and Marge are both knights or both knaves.  Bill claims that Alice is a knight or Ted is a knave.  Mel tells you, 'Neither Alice nor Bill are knaves.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Sally, Betty, Zed, Bill, Dave, Rex, Sue, Carl and Zoey.  Sally tells you, 'Either Sue is a knight or Dave is a knave.'  Betty claims that at least one of the following is true: that Sally is a knave or that Dave is a knight.  Zed says, 'Dave and Sue are different.'  Bill tells you that Dave is a knave.  Dave tells you, 'Neither Rex nor Carl are knights.'  Rex claims that Zoey and Carl are not the same.  Sue claims that Zoey is a knave or Bill is a knave.  Carl claims that Sally is a knave.  Zoey tells you, 'Carl is a knave.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Abe, Rex, Peggy, Alice, Zippy, Joe, Sally, Bart and Marge.  Abe says that Marge and Joe are not the same.  Rex claims, 'Abe could say that Zippy is a knave.'  Peggy claims, 'It's not the case that Rex is a knave.'  Alice tells you, 'Either Bart is a knave or Sally is a knave.'  Zippy claims that only a knave would say that Rex is a knave.  Joe tells you that Rex and Bart are knaves.  Sally tells you, 'I know that Alice is a knight and that Rex is a knave.'  Bart says that at least one of the following is true: that Sally is a knave or that Rex is a knight.  Marge claims, 'Rex and I are both knights or both knaves.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Ted, Sally, Carl, Joe, Zippy, Alice, Bill, Bob and Betty.  Ted claims that at least one of the following is true: that Carl is a knight or that Alice is a knight.  Sally tells you that Zippy could claim that Joe is a knight.  Carl tells you that Sally could claim that Betty is a knight.  Joe claims that Betty would tell you that Carl is a knight.  Zippy tells you, 'Joe is a knave.'  Alice tells you that Sally is a knave.  Bill says, 'Betty could claim that Sally is a knave.'  Bob says that Betty could say that Carl is a knave.  Betty tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Joe is a knave.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Bob, Betty, Zippy, Joe, Sally, Alice, Dave, Zed and Marge.  Bob says that Marge and Joe are both knights or both knaves.  Betty claims that Bob could say that Sally is a knight.  Zippy tells you, 'I know that Joe is a knave and that Bob is a knight.'  Joe tells you that Alice is a knight or Marge is a knave.  Sally claims, 'Of Marge and Bob, exactly one is a knight.'  Alice claims that Zed is a knave.  Dave says, 'Only a knave would say that Joe is a knave.'  Zed claims that it's not the case that Zippy is a knave.  Marge tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Dave is a knave or that Joe is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Marge, Zeke, Carl, Bill, Bob, Betty, Bart, Bozo and Joe.  Marge claims that Zeke and Joe are different.  Zeke says that Bill and Carl are knaves.  Carl tells you that of Betty and Bart, exactly one is a knight.  Bill claims that only a knave would say that Bob is a knave.  Bob tells you, 'Either Zeke is a knave or Marge is a knave.'  Betty says that Carl is a knave or Joe is a knave.  Bart tells you, 'Either I am a knight or Zeke is a knave.'  Bozo tells you, 'Both Bob is a knight and Betty is a knave.'  Joe claims, 'I know that Zeke is a knight and that Carl is a knave.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Mel, Bob, Sue, Bill, Alice, Zippy, Ted, Abe and Rex.  Mel tells you that only a knave would say that Alice is a knave.  Bob claims that neither Alice nor Rex are knights.  Sue tells you that Alice could claim that Bill is a knight.  Bill claims, 'Mel could say that Zippy is a knave.'  Alice tells you, 'I know that Rex is a knight and that Abe is a knave.'  Zippy says that either Bob is a knight or Ted is a knave.  Ted claims that neither Bill nor Zippy are knights.  Abe tells you that Sue is a knave.  Rex says that Alice is a knight or Ted is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Bart, Bill, Homer, Abe, Rex, Zoey, Mel, Zeke and Zippy.  Bart claims that Zoey is a knave.  Bill claims, 'It's not the case that Zoey is a knave.'  Homer claims that Zippy is a knave.  Abe says, 'Zoey is a knave.'  Rex claims that at least one of the following is true: that Zoey is a knave or that Mel is a knight.  Zoey claims that Homer is a knave.  Mel claims, 'Either Zippy is a knave or Zoey is a knight.'  Zeke says, 'Either Zoey is a knave or Rex is a knight.'  Zippy says, 'I would tell you that Abe is a knave.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Zeke, Dave, Peggy, Bill, Zed, Betty, Sally, Bozo and Joe.  Zeke claims, 'Bill and I are different.'  Dave claims that either Joe is a knight or Sally is a knave.  Peggy tells you, 'Only a knave would say that Dave is a knave.'  Bill says, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Dave is a knave.'  Zed claims that it's not the case that Sally is a knave.  Betty says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Bozo is a knave or that Joe is a knight.'  Sally claims that Zeke could say that Zed is a knight.  Bozo says that at least one of the following is true: that Dave is a knight or that Zeke is a knight.  Joe says, 'I could claim that Sally is a knight.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Zoey, Zed, Bill, Betty, Ted, Marge, Bob, Abe and Zippy.  Zoey tells you that either Abe is a knave or Zippy is a knight.  Zed says that Ted and Bill are knights.  Bill tells you that both Marge and Abe are knaves.  Betty claims that Zippy would tell you that Abe is a knave.  Ted claims that of Zed and Zippy, exactly one is a knight.  Marge says that Bob is a knight or Betty is a knight.  Bob claims that Zippy is a knight or Ted is a knight.  Abe says that only a knave would say that Zippy is a knave.  Zippy tells you, 'Betty and Bob are knights.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Dave, Peggy, Zed, Sue, Rex, Mel, Homer, Ted and Carl.  Dave says that Sue is a knight or Mel is a knave.  Peggy tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Mel is a knight or that Dave is a knight.  Zed tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Mel is a knight or that Ted is a knave.  Sue says, 'Neither I nor Carl are knaves.'  Rex says, 'Ted and Carl are not the same.'  Mel claims that Carl is a knight or Homer is a knave.  Homer tells you, 'Mel and Rex are both knights or both knaves.'  Ted tells you that both Peggy and Homer are knaves.  Carl claims that Sue is a knave or Ted is a knight.
You meet nine inhabitants: Bozo, Abe, Betty, Peggy, Bill, Zeke, Zippy, Zoey and Carl.  Bozo tells you, 'Zoey could claim that Bill is a knight.'  Abe says that Peggy could claim that Betty is a knight.  Betty says that either Zoey is a knave or Bozo is a knight.  Peggy claims that it's false that Betty is a knave.  Bill claims, 'Zoey is a knave.'  Zeke says that it's not the case that Zoey is a knave.  Zippy claims that Betty could claim that Zoey is a knight.  Zoey tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Carl is a knave or that Abe is a knave.  Carl tells you, 'Zoey would tell you that Zeke is a knight.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Abe, Bart, Marge, Betty, Bob, Bill, Carl, Zeke and Homer.  Abe says that either Bill is a knave or Marge is a knave.  Bart says, 'Zeke could claim that I am a knight.'  Marge claims, 'Bob and Abe are both knights or both knaves.'  Betty says that it's not the case that Bart is a knave.  Bob says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Marge is a knight or that Homer is a knave.'  Bill says that Carl and Homer are both knights or both knaves.  Carl says, 'At least one of the following is true: that Bart is a knight or that Marge is a knight.'  Zeke tells you that it's false that Marge is a knave.  Homer says that Bart and Marge are not the same.
You meet nine inhabitants: Zoey, Marge, Sue, Bozo, Alice, Bob, Mel, Rex and Peggy.  Zoey says that Mel is a knight and Rex is a knave.  Marge says that either Bozo is a knight or Rex is a knight.  Sue tells you, 'Alice and I are knights.'  Bozo tells you that it's not the case that Sue is a knave.  Alice tells you, 'I could say that Bozo is a knight.'  Bob tells you that Zoey could claim that Peggy is a knight.  Mel tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Alice is a knight or that Zoey is a knave.  Rex says, 'It's false that Bob is a knave.'  Peggy says that Bob is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Joe, Homer, Bozo, Betty, Mel, Peggy, Rex, Carl and Marge.  Joe tells you that Homer is a knave.  Homer says, 'It's not the case that Peggy is a knave.'  Bozo tells you, 'Betty is a knave.'  Betty tells you that at least one of the following is true: that Rex is a knave or that Carl is a knave.  Mel claims that Carl and Homer are knights.  Peggy says that it's false that Rex is a knave.  Rex claims, 'Joe and Carl are knaves.'  Carl tells you that either Marge is a knight or Joe is a knave.  Marge claims that Rex is a knave.
You meet nine inhabitants: Sue, Zippy, Homer, Bob, Ted, Bart, Zed, Betty and Peggy.  Sue claims that Zippy is a knave.  Zippy claims that Bob and Peggy are the same.  Homer tells you that either Betty is a knight or Bart is a knight.  Bob says, 'Only a knave would say that Bart is a knave.'  Ted tells you, 'Both Homer is a knight and Bart is a knave.'  Bart says, 'I would tell you that Zippy is a knave.'  Zed tells you that Peggy and Betty are not the same.  Betty tells you that Bart is a knave.  Peggy claims, 'At least one of the following is true: that Homer is a knave or that Zippy is a knight.'
You meet nine inhabitants: Dave, Homer, Carl, Sue, Rex, Mel, Zoey, Zippy and Zeke.  Dave says that neither Rex nor Sue are knights.  Homer tells you, 'Mel is a knave and I am a knight.'  Carl says, 'Neither Zippy nor Zeke are knaves.'  Sue tells you that it's false that Carl is a knave.  Rex claims, 'Zippy and I are the same.'  Mel tells you that Sue and Carl are both knights or both knaves.  Zoey claims that Sue is a knave.  Zippy tells you, 'Of Sue and Dave, exactly one is a knight.'  Zeke claims that either Zippy is a knave or Mel is a knave.
